com.facebook.internal.FacebookDialogFragment
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.VivoHomeBadger
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationAvailability
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.receivers.ForeOrderLocationReceiver
io.realm.internal.OsObjectSchemaInfo
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils$1
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$LifecycleOnBackPressedCancellable
com.bumptech.glide.manager.SupportRequestManagerFragment
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyTypefaceSpan
io.realm.internal.Util
androidx.activity.ImmLeaksCleaner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable
androidx.viewpager2.adapter.FragmentStateAdapter$FragmentMaxLifecycleEnforcer$3
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.BuildConfig
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver
com.onesignal.RestoreKickoffJobService
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobWorkEnqueuer
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkEnqueuer
com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer
io.realm.internal.Property
com.facebook.share.internal.DeviceShareDialogFragment
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.TintableDrawable
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.utils.FixAppBarLayoutBehavior
com.google.firebase.iid.Registrar
io.realm.exceptions.RealmError
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessaging
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar
io.realm.SyncManager
io.realm.internal.ObservableCollection
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$4
okhttp3.internal.publicsuffix.PublicSuffixDatabase
androidx.viewpager2.adapter.FragmentStateAdapter$2
androidx.annotation.Keep
io.realm.OrderedRealmCollection
io.realm.RealmFieldType
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy$ToolbarLayoutListener
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialTextInputPicker
androidx.core.content.FileProvider
com.appsee.AppseeBackgroundUploader
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl$WrapperWorkItem
com.onesignal.OSSubscriptionChangedInternalObserver
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar
com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.views.AdvancedRadioGroup
com.onesignal.NotificationOpenedActivityHMS
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesManifestException
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.managers.LinearLayoutManagerWithSmoothScroller
android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout
com.onesignal.RestoreJobService
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.SonyHomeBadger
com.facebook.places.Places
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior
com.onesignal.OSSubscriptionState
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.OPPOHomeBader
androidx.viewpager2.adapter.FragmentStateAdapter$5
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ChipTextInputComboView
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager
com.google.android.gms.common.annotation.KeepName
com.google.android.gms.common.SupportErrorDialogFragment
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressDrawable
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.LGHomeBadger
androidx.activity.result.ActivityResultRegistry$1
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout
io.realm.internal.OsSchemaInfo
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout
com.onesignal.ADMMessageHandler
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.BlueCheckboxButton
com.facebook.login.DeviceAuthDialog
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.LatLng
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader
android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText
com.google.android.gms.common.util.DynamiteApi
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_SCALE_X
com.google.android.material.theme.MaterialComponentsViewInflater
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.internal.SignInHubActivity
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior
androidx.lifecycle.SingleGeneratedAdapterObserver
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.utils.ForeOrderApp
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$InitializationCallback
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.AsusHomeBadger
io.realm.internal.NativeObjectReference
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior
io.realm.internal.Keep
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.CropImageView
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.JumpNavButton
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInOptions
com.onesignal.NotificationRestoreService
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$3
com.facebook.login.LoginFragment
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$1
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.R$id
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$1
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandleController
com.onesignal.GcmIntentJobService
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout
com.facebook.share.Share
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockFaceView
io.realm.internal.async.BadVersionException
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleInitializer
com.onesignal.UpgradeReceiver
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$LINEAR
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycling$1
androidx.versionedparcelable.ParcelImpl
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationResult
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.internal.SignInConfiguration
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable
kotlin.internal.jdk7.JDK7PlatformImplementations
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy$1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_TRANSLATE_X
io.realm.internal.TableQuery
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.NewHtcHomeBadger
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandleAttacher
com.facebook.common.Common
com.rhinodesktop.locationutilities.newlocationupdates.services.UpdateLocationForegroundService
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferService
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkItem
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout
com.facebook.marketing.Marketing
androidx.lifecycle.ReflectiveGenericLifecycleObserver
com.google.firebase.provider.FirebaseInitProvider
com.facebook.messenger.Messenger
io.realm.internal.OsObjectStore
androidx.fragment.app.DialogFragment
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior
com.onesignal.BootUpReceiver
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$1
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$MigrationCallback
com.facebook.core.Core
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$WorkEnqueuer
io.realm.SyncSession
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.R$attr
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zzd
io.realm.RealmCollection
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.ReflectionUtils
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.CustomTabLayout
androidx.fragment.app.Fragment$5
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CommandProcessor
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiClient
io.realm.ObjectServer
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer
androidx.lifecycle.FullLifecycleObserverAdapter
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimePickerView
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesIncorrectManifestValueException
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_TRANSLATE_X
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.AdwHomeBadger
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView
com.onesignal.HmsMessageServiceOneSignal
androidx.lifecycle.CompositeGeneratedAdaptersObserver
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase
com.rhinoactive.foreorder_library_android.views.BlueRadioButton
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.DefaultBadger
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager
androidx.appcompat.app.AlertController$RecycleListView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.OrderItemActivity
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.TypefaceUtils
io.realm.CompactOnLaunchCallback
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompat
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.VerifyPinLayout
android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$ComponentNameWithWakeful
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemReceiver
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$SchemaChangedCallback
com.rhinoactive.nointernetview.NoInternetView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.ShowBackgroundDrawable
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.LoginActivity
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.CameraPosition
io.realm.internal.android.AndroidRealmNotifier
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout
androidx.lifecycle.LiveData$LifecycleBoundObserver
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable
io.realm.PermissionModuleMediator
io.realm.exceptions.IncompatibleSyncedFileException
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R
io.realm.internal.OsList
androidx.savedstate.Recreator
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat
io.realm.internal.OsObject
com.onesignal.GcmIntentService
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView
io.realm.log.RealmLogger
com.onesignal.GcmBroadcastReceiver
androidx.startup.InitializationProvider
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImpl
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BasePaintDrawable
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.color.FillGridView
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$5
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior
com.onesignal.NotificationOpenedReceiver
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressDrawable
androidx.appcompat.widget.AlertDialogLayout
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.FontMapper
com.google.android.material.behavior.SwipeDismissBehavior
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.MainActivity
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior
androidx.lifecycle.LegacySavedStateHandleController$1
com.facebook.FacebookActivity
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplApi21$ExtraBinderRequestResultReceiver
com.facebook.CustomTabMainActivity
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyInterceptor
io.realm.ManagementModuleMediator
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.ToggleSwipingPageViewer
io.realm.RealmFileUserStore
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21
com.google.android.gms.maps.SupportMapFragment
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.RevocationBoundService
com.facebook.applinks.AppLinks
com.facebook.CurrentAccessTokenExpirationBroadcastReceiver
com.facebook.marketing.internal.MarketingInitProvider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ThemeUtils
io.realm.exceptions.RealmMigrationNeededException
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.NovaHomeBadger
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleCallback
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManager$6
com.bumptech.glide.load.data.ParcelFileDescriptorRewinder$InternalRewinder
com.facebook.login.Login
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem
io.realm.annotations.RealmModule
com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedAppGlideModule
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.EverythingMeHomeBadger
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingService
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_START
io.realm.internal.permissions.ManagementModule
com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.views.AdvancedCheckboxGroup
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.HuaweiHomeBadger
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBase
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.MembershipActivity
com.rhinodesktop.locationutilities.newlocationupdates.services.UpdateLocationService
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockHandView
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.CheckoutActivity
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style
androidx.appcompat.widget.DialogTitle
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendarGridView
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDButton
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException
androidx.browser.browseractions.BrowserActionsFallbackMenuView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatJobEngine
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView
android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat
com.onesignal.SyncService
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$bool
io.realm.ClientResetRequiredError
com.appsee.AppseeNativeExtensions
androidx.recyclerview.widget.GridLayoutManager
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout
io.realm.DefaultRealmModule
com.google.android.gms.maps.GoogleMapOptions
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.LatLngBounds
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat
io.realm.internal.permissions.PermissionModule
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.XiaomiHomeBadger
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.ApexHomeBadger
io.realm.exceptions.RealmException
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.StackTraceRecoveryKt
com.onesignal.OSPermissionChangedInternalObserver
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.DrawableCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_END
com.facebook.CustomTabActivity
io.realm.exceptions.RealmPrimaryKeyConstraintException
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$GenericWorkItem
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDRootLayout
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.R
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationRequest
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SearchResultReceiver
com.onesignal.SyncJobService
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressBackgroundDrawable
io.realm.internal.OsResults
com.google.android.material.textview.MaterialTextView
io.realm.log.RealmLog
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount
com.onesignal.PermissionsActivity
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IntrinsicPaddingDrawable
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ReflectedParcelable
com.facebook.internal.FacebookInitProvider
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$PartialSyncCallback
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig
com.tsongkha.spinnerdatepicker.DatePicker
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.SamsungHomeBadger
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_SCALE_X
androidx.transition.FragmentTransitionSupport
com.facebook.all.All
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer$1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.HasTypeface
io.realm.DefaultRealmModuleMediator
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity
io.realm.internal.OsCollectionChangeSet
com.google.firebase.components.ComponentDiscoveryService
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView
io.realm.internal.KeepMember
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$CustomActionResultReceiver
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.ZukHomeBadger
kotlin.internal.jdk8.JDK8PlatformImplementations
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialDatePicker
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar
io.realm.internal.Table
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.SignInAccount
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView
androidx.versionedparcelable.CustomVersionedParcelable
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: int workerCtl
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: java.util.Map mStyleClassMap
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorError
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.AccessControlList: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int media_actions
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_PROGRESS
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
com.facebook.login.LoginClient: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType: com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType ANY
com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bitmap.VideoDecoder$VideoDecoderException: long serialVersionUID
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport: java.lang.Object _parentHandle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_bar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_fontVariationSettings
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$ComponentNameWithWakeful: android.content.ComponentName componentName
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$WorkEnqueuer: boolean mHasJobId
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_mag_icon
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobWorkEnqueuer: android.app.job.JobScheduler mJobScheduler
androidx.activity.result.IntentSenderRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode mProgressBackgroundTintMode
com.facebook.login.WebViewLoginMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int editTextColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int button_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
org.joda.time.UTCDateTimeZone: long serialVersionUID
com.google.android.material.stateful.ExtendableSavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_START: android.view.animation.Interpolator INSTANCE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.ReflectionUtils: java.lang.String TAG
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_viewInflaterClass
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
com.facebook.login.DeviceAuthDialog$RequestState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.FacebookRequestError: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int add
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: byte FILE_EXCEPTION_KIND_BAD_HISTORY
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonCompat
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: byte FILE_EXCEPTION_INCOMPATIBLE_SYNC_FILE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressBackgroundDrawable: boolean mShow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_lStar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int popupTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_bg
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: int LEVEL_MAX
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int META
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] View
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_tint_default
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.BuildConfig: java.lang.String FLAVOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: int mAlpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
kotlinx.coroutines.CancellableContinuationImpl: java.lang.Object _state
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
com.amazonaws.services.cognitoidentity.model.NotAuthorizedException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int drawableSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_SCALE_X
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: java.lang.Object _exceptionsHolder
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
okio.ByteString: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation: float mRotation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.R$attr: int fontPath
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int numericModifiers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: java.lang.Object nextParkedWorker
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig: int VERSION_CODE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: java.util.Map DEFAULT_STYLES
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTint
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: int _isTerminated
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
com.amazonaws.services.cognitoidentity.model.LimitExceededException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
io.realm.SyncManager: io.realm.SyncSession$ErrorHandler defaultSessionErrorHandler
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: boolean mCustomViewTypefaceSupport
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult: com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zas mResultGuardian
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType BINARY_LIST
org.joda.time.field.MillisDurationField: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkEnqueuer: android.os.PowerManager$WakeLock mRunWakeLock
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int trackTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int background_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int autoSizeStepGranularity
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: int _isCompleting
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: float SWEEP_ANGLE_MAX
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
org.joda.time.chrono.BasicGJChronology: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_grey_600
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_vertical_padding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX RECT_1_TRANSFORM_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.amazonaws.services.cognitoidentity.model.DeveloperUserAlreadyRegisteredException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: java.lang.Object _delayed
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: io.realm.internal.Capabilities capabilities
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zai: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType DATE_LIST
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int blockingTasksInBuffer
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeTextType
androidx.transition.ChangeBounds$7: androidx.transition.ChangeBounds$ViewBounds mViewBounds
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueueCore: java.lang.Object _next
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
io.realm.SyncSession: byte STATE_VALUE_ACTIVE
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: boolean[] ascendings
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_grey_900
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zzj: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.SignInAccount: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int src_in
com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphContent: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int progress_circular
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int collapseIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_PADDED_BOUND
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: boolean customViewTypefaceSupport
io.realm.SyncSession: java.util.concurrent.ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor REFRESH_TOKENS_EXECUTOR
io.realm.internal.OsObject: io.realm.internal.ObserverPairList observerPairs
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] MaterialProgressBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind: io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind EXISTS
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_secondaryProgressTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_grey_100
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: android.graphics.ColorFilter mColorFilter
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: int[] ANDROID_ATTR_TEXT_APPEARANCE
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyTypefaceSpan: android.graphics.Typeface typeface
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean mShowBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int tooltip_background_dark
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType DOUBLE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V26_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.facebook.GraphRequest$ParcelableResourceWithMimeType: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlin.collections.EmptyMap: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowActionBar
io.realm.SyncManager: java.security.cert.CertificateFactory CERTIFICATE_FACTORY
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
io.realm.SyncSession: java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicBoolean onGoingAccessTokenQuery
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.google.android.material.internal.ParcelableSparseArray: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.realm.exceptions.RealmMigrationNeededException: java.lang.String canonicalRealmPath
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long nativePtr
io.realm.SyncSession: byte STATE_VALUE_INACTIVE
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl: android.app.job.JobParameters mParams
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int icon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int autoSizePresetSizes
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: java.lang.Object _preHandler
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int itemPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType: com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType RAW
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int circular
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int line1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int autoSizeMinTextSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: java.util.Set DISTINCT_VALID_FIELD_TYPES
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zak: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_progressStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info_Media
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.LatLng: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasProgressBackgroundTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_determinateCircularProgressStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig: boolean DEBUG
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
kotlin.random.Random$Default$Serialized: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_bar_container
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: long parkedWorkersStack
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int beginning
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
io.realm.SyncSession: int DIRECTION_UPLOAD
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: byte FILE_EXCEPTION_KIND_NOT_FOUND
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.Boolean sToolbarCheck
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorAccent
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleTextColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform mRingPathTransform
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_lStar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int submit_area
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_margin
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int italic
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int time
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig: java.lang.String BUILD_TYPE
org.joda.time.DurationFieldType: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode mIndeterminateTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl: boolean DEBUG
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IntrinsicPaddingDrawable mSecondaryProgressDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_indeterminateTint
kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerContext: kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerContext _immediate
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkItem: int mStartId
com.google.android.gms.internal.location.zzg: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.UploadPartRequest: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_indeterminateTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: java.lang.Object lastScheduledTask
org.joda.time.IllegalFieldValueException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int none
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _removedRef
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_showProgressBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int showAsAction
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX mRect1TransformX
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_menu_divider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_progressBackgroundTintMode
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType STRING_LIST
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_CREATE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int right_side
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
org.joda.time.base.BaseDateTime: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyInterceptor: io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy calligraphy
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int commitIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int splitTrack
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int iconTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int expand_activities_button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: java.io.File temporaryDirectory
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorLink
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int thickness
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType FLOAT_LIST
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int navigationIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar_Horizontal_NoPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ResizableAtomicArray: java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicReferenceArray array
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: java.lang.String TAG
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasSecondaryProgressTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_grey_800
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: float mBackgroundAlpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: int mProgressIntrinsicHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
io.realm.SyncSession: long REFRESH_MARGIN_DELAY
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_corner_radius
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.ConnectionResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: int DETERMINATE_CIRCULAR_PROGRESS_STYLE_DYNAMIC
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.DispatchedContinuation: java.lang.Object _reusableCancellableContinuation
org.joda.time.chrono.ZonedChronology$ZonedDurationField: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
org.joda.time.field.PreciseDurationField: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_tooltipText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind: io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind ACCESS_ERROR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: int PROGRESS_STYLE_CIRCULAR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphObject: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_bar_title
com.amazonaws.services.cognitoidentity.model.InvalidIdentityPoolConfigurationException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType LINKING_OBJECTS
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType: com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType WEBP_A
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_progressBackgroundTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontFamily
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.BuildConfig: int VERSION_CODE
com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.R$id: int calligraphy_tag_id
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int split_action_bar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType[] listTypes
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.facebook.appevents.AppEvent$SerializationProxyV2: long serialVersionUID
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.FontMapper mFontMapper
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int listMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int mPaddedIntrinsicSize
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.BuildConfig: java.lang.String APPLICATION_ID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: int mPaddedIntrinsicHeight
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: byte FILE_EXCEPTION_KIND_ACCESS_ERROR
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: int _isCompleted
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_alphabeticModifiers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind: io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind BAD_HISTORY
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: int[] mAttributeId
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.content.res.ColorStateList mProgressTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int notification_material_background_media_default_color
androidx.versionedparcelable.ParcelImpl: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade: io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade syncFacade
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int expanded_menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lineHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
com.facebook.login.FacebookLiteLoginMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int src_atop
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
androidx.activity.result.ActivityResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
com.google.firebase.iid.zzm: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int color
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: io.realm.internal.ObserverPairList$Callback onChangeCallBack
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm sharedRealm
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.TypefaceUtils: java.util.Map sCachedFonts
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimeModel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
com.amazonaws.services.cognitoidentity.model.ExternalServiceException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
io.realm.SyncSession: byte STATE_VALUE_ERROR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
kotlin.text.Regex$Serialized: long serialVersionUID
com.google.android.gms.internal.location.zzdf: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobWorkEnqueuer: android.app.job.JobInfo mJobInfo
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade: java.lang.reflect.Method removeSessionMethod
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerDispatcherKt: android.view.Choreographer choreographer
com.amazonaws.services.cognitoidentity.model.InvalidParameterException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int mProgressIntrinsicSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: int PADDED_INTRINSIC_HEIGHT_DP
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig: java.lang.String APPLICATION_ID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_capital_on
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
io.realm.SyncSession: io.realm.internal.network.NetworkStateReceiver$ConnectionListener networkListener
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int editTextStyle
org.joda.time.chrono.BasicChronology: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int dividerPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
org.joda.time.field.BaseDurationField: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int switchPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonIconDimen
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade: android.content.Context applicationContext
com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Request: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlin.SafePublicationLazyImpl: java.lang.Object _value
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.content.res.ColorStateList mProgressBackgroundTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2_Media
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode mSecondaryProgressTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_touch
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
com.facebook.FacebookException: long serialVersionUID
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_fontFamily
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier realmNotifier
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int closeIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int logoDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int wrap_content
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IntrinsicPaddingDrawable mProgressDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_progressTintMode
io.realm.SyncSession: io.realm.RealmAsyncTask refreshTokenTask
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int useLogo
org.joda.time.chrono.ISOChronology$Stub: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: int mProgressStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkItem: android.content.Intent mIntent
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int middle
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: int attrId
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_progressTint
org.joda.time.chrono.ISOChronology: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ThreadSafeHeap: int _size
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int scrollView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_PADDED_BOUND
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
org.joda.time.chrono.AssembledChronology: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int submenuarrow
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_contentDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
io.realm.SyncSession: byte STATE_VALUE_WAITING_FOR_ACCESS_TOKEN
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.Boolean sAppCompatViewCheck
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils$1: android.graphics.Typeface val$typeface
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.TelemetryData: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int showTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
org.joda.time.DurationFieldType$StandardDurationFieldType: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
com.tsongkha.spinnerdatepicker.DatePicker$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: int PROGRESS_INTRINSIC_HEIGHT_DP
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.CameraPosition: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int uniform
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
org.joda.time.field.AbstractReadableInstantFieldProperty: long serialVersionUID
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl: java.lang.String TAG
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: float START_ANGLE_MAX_DYNAMIC
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
org.joda.time.tz.DateTimeZoneBuilder$PrecalculatedZone: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAllCaps
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
com.facebook.FacebookSdkNotInitializedException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.LastLocationRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int line3
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: byte FILE_EXCEPTION_KIND_PERMISSION_DENIED
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
io.realm.SyncSession: io.realm.SyncConfiguration configuration
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_image
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.Phonemetadata$PhoneNumberDesc: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int showText
com.amazonaws.services.cognitoidentity.model.InternalErrorException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean mShowBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int CTRL
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.TypefaceUtils: java.util.Map sCachedSpans
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport: java.lang.Object _state
com.facebook.appevents.AppEvent$SerializationProxyV1: long serialVersionUID
com.google.gson.stream.MalformedJsonException: long serialVersionUID
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkItem: com.onesignal.JobIntentService this$0
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.google.android.gms.internal.location.zzdb: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int buttonPanel
org.apache.commons.io.output.StringBuilderWriter: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int bottom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_setBothDrawables
kotlinx.coroutines.CompletedExceptionally: int _handled
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int switchStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType: com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zaa: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_text
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int paddingEnd
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: java.lang.String mFontPath
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkEnqueuer: android.os.PowerManager$WakeLock mLaunchWakeLock
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int message
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int SHIFT
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int up
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_TRANSLATE_X: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_TRANSLATE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listItemLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_emojiCompatEnabled
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int forever
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar_NoPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_close_btn
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind: io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind PERMISSION_DENIED
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_indeterminateTintMode
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int divider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int searchIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX RECT_2_TRANSFORM_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_PADDED_BOUND
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasProgressBackgroundTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int multiply
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int async
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferUtilityOptions: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: float START_ANGLE_MAX_NORMAL
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_END: android.view.animation.Interpolator INSTANCE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int FUNCTION
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipFrameBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int SYM
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int paddingStart
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType BINARY
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: float mTrimPathStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int autoSizeTextType
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int panelBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int withText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType: com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType PNG_A
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
io.realm.internal.OsObject: java.lang.String OBJECT_ID_COLUMN_NAME
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_secondaryProgressTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.Phonemetadata$PhoneMetadataCollection: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int always
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: java.util.Set mHasTypefaceClasses
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: java.lang.String ACTION_BAR_SUBTITLE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation mRingRotation
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType DATE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_DESTROY
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: int mAttrId
org.joda.time.MutableDateTime$Property: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_useIntrinsicPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: io.realm.internal.NativeContext context
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind: io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind INCOMPATIBLE_SYNC_FILE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int spacer
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
io.realm.SyncManager: io.realm.internal.network.AuthenticationServer authServer
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontWeight
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy$ToolbarLayoutListener: java.lang.ref.WeakReference mCalligraphyFactory
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.BuildConfig: java.lang.String VERSION_NAME
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zav: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.google.android.material.datepicker.CalendarConstraints: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
org.joda.time.field.ImpreciseDateTimeField$LinkedDurationField: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.facebook.appevents.PersistedEvents: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
kotlinx.coroutines.DispatchedCoroutine: int _decision
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_edit_frame
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
io.realm.SyncSession: byte STATE_VALUE_DYING
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig osRealmConfig
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
org.joda.time.DateTime: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
kotlinx.coroutines.CancelledContinuation: int _resumed
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int dividerVertical
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy$ToolbarLayoutListener: java.lang.ref.WeakReference mToolbarReference
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_secondaryProgressTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.content.res.ColorStateList mSecondaryProgressTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int ripple_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSecondary
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CommandProcessor: com.onesignal.JobIntentService this$0
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasProgressTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title_Media
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int info
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: io.realm.internal.OsSchemaInfo schemaInfo
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int submitBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int showTitle
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType FLOAT
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTintMode
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_START: android.graphics.Path PATH_TRIM_PATH_START
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
kotlinx.coroutines.DefaultExecutor: int debugStatus
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IntrinsicPaddingDrawable mBackgroundDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
org.joda.time.JodaTimePermission: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int allowStacking
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
com.facebook.appevents.AccessTokenAppIdPair: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int controlBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int elevation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int PROGRESS_INTRINSIC_SIZE_DP
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind: io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind NOT_FOUND
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionViewClass
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: java.lang.Object _rootCause
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_container
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonGravity
io.realm.SyncManager: java.lang.String APP_ID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_src_text
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind: io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind INCOMPATIBLE_LOCK_FILE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_horizontal_padding
org.joda.time.chrono.BaseChronology: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: int DETERMINATE_CIRCULAR_PROGRESS_STYLE_NORMAL
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.CallbackException: long serialVersionUID
com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.AmazonS3Exception: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
org.joda.time.MutableDateTime: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: java.util.Set hasTypefaceViews
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueue: java.lang.Object _cur
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_action
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_BOUND
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int search_menu_title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.GlideException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_TRANSLATE_X: android.view.animation.Interpolator INSTANCE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: boolean mSuperInitialized
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: boolean isFontSet
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key key
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_PROGRESS
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType: com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType MOBILE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
io.realm.SyncSession: boolean isClosed
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int src_over
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
org.joda.time.DateTimeFieldType$StandardDateTimeFieldType: long serialVersionUID
io.realm.SyncSession: io.realm.RealmAsyncTask networkRequest
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
com.facebook.FacebookServiceException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_PADDED_BOUND
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonTint
io.realm.SyncSession: java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicReference waitingForServerChanges
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig: java.lang.String VERSION_NAME
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int accent_material_light
com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType: com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType GIF
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: long nativeFinalizerPtr
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType INTEGER_LIST
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int collapseActionView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
kotlinx.coroutines.InvokeOnCancelling: int _invoked
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType: com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType PNG
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int text2
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int spinBars
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
com.bumptech.glide.load.HttpException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_firstBaselineToTopHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
org.joda.time.Instant: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int text
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
kotlinx.coroutines.DefaultExecutor: java.lang.Thread _thread
kotlinx.coroutines.CancellableContinuationImpl: int _decision
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_bar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int accent_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
kotlin.coroutines.EmptyCoroutineContext: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int home
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
io.realm.internal.android.AndroidRealmNotifier: android.os.Handler handler
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int screen
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int navigationMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader: java.lang.ClassLoader sClassLoader
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder: android.app.Notification mNotification
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int ifRoom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_media_custom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
com.google.gson.JsonSyntaxException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: java.util.List tempSharedRealmsForCallback
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int end_padder
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_grey_850
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorError
com.google.android.gms.common.Feature: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: java.lang.String ACTION_BAR_TITLE
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
org.joda.time.tz.DateTimeZoneBuilder$DSTZone: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingEnd
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_useIntrinsicPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int homeAsUp
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
com.facebook.appevents.PersistedEvents$SerializationProxyV1: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int goIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType: com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType WEBP
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time_Media
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType[] $VALUES
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: int PROGRESS_STYLE_HORIZONTAL
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long nativeFinalizerPtr
kotlin.coroutines.CombinedContext$Serialized: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType: com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType JPEG
android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: java.lang.Object _queue
com.facebook.appevents.AccessTokenAppIdPair$SerializationProxyV1: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int decor_content_parent
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogCornerRadius
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int button_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.content.res.ColorStateList mIndeterminateTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int displayOptions
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
io.realm.exceptions.IncompatibleSyncedFileException: java.lang.String path
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.Phonemetadata$NumberFormat: long serialVersionUID
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl: java.lang.Object mLock
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textLocale
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder: java.lang.CharSequence mContentText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasSecondaryProgressTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar_Large
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_progressTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkEnqueuer: boolean mLaunchingService
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int height
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_search_hint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int thumbTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tooltipForegroundColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorPrimary
com.facebook.share.model.SharePhoto: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int tooltip_background_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_TRANSLATE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizePresetSizes
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_STOP
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType OBJECT
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_SCALE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_fontFamily
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int progress_horizontal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX: float mTranslateX
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int top
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar
com.facebook.share.model.ShareHashtag: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_grey_50
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.facebook.share.model.ShareLinkContent: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphAction: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_fontVariationSettings
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException: io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind kind
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: int INVALID_ATTR_ID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
okio.ByteString: byte[] data
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
io.realm.SyncManager: javax.net.ssl.X509TrustManager TRUST_MANAGER
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int notification_background
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.Phonemetadata$PhoneMetadata: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.BuildConfig: boolean DEBUG
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _prev
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_mode_bar
org.joda.time.IllegalInstantException: long serialVersionUID
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BasePaintDrawable: android.graphics.Paint mPaint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: int LEVEL_MAX
com.google.gson.JsonIOException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableStartCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_lines_media
com.facebook.login.CustomTabLoginMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
com.amazonaws.internal.keyvaluestore.KeyNotFoundException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_progressBackgroundTint
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueueCore: long _state
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType: com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType UNKNOWN
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int icon_group
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textLocale
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tickMark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
org.joda.time.DateTimeZone: long serialVersionUID
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: byte FILE_EXCEPTION_KIND_EXISTS
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo mProgressTintInfo
io.realm.SyncSession: java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicLong progressListenerId
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.RootTelemetryConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.LatLngBounds: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int tabMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy$ToolbarLayoutListener: java.lang.CharSequence originalSubTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ConnectionTelemetryConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$LINEAR: android.view.animation.Interpolator INSTANCE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_indeterminateTint
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.MethodInvocation: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_non_touch
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: byte FILE_EXCEPTION_KIND_INCOMPATIBLE_LOCK_FILE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType DOUBLE_LIST
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManager$LaunchedFragmentInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.gson.internal.$Gson$Types$GenericArrayTypeImpl: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
com.google.android.gms.location.zzac: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int alphabeticModifiers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType: com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType WIFI
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableRightCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int showCustom
com.amazonaws.services.s3.AmazonS3Client$1: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
org.joda.time.DateTimeZone$LazyInit$1: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_secondaryProgressTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_setBothDrawables
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.facebook.login.GetTokenLoginMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableEndCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: int PROGRESS_INTRINSIC_HEIGHT_DP
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
io.realm.SyncSession: java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger waitCounter
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.Phonenumber$PhoneNumber: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
io.realm.SyncManager: io.realm.internal.network.NetworkStateReceiver$ConnectionListener networkListener
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: java.util.Map mClassStyleAttributeMap
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int shortcut
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
androidx.fragment.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int theme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_TRANSLATE_X: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_TRANSLATE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int background_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int disableHome
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_search_view
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
org.joda.time.field.ScaledDurationField: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_TRANSLATE_X: android.view.animation.Interpolator INSTANCE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int trackTintMode
com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bitmap.DefaultImageHeaderParser$Reader$EndOfFileException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType: java.util.Map MAP
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.BuildConfig: java.lang.String BUILD_TYPE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int iconTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType[] basicTypes
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
org.greenrobot.eventbus.EventBusException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner this$0
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tooltipText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode mTintMode
org.joda.time.field.UnsupportedDurationField: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
com.amazonaws.services.cognitoidentity.model.ResourceNotFoundException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
io.realm.SyncSession: java.util.Map listenerIdToProgressListenerMap
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textFontWeight
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: java.util.List iterators
io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade: io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade nonSyncFacade
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
com.google.android.material.datepicker.Month: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable: android.animation.Animator[] mAnimators
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int contentPanel
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int contentDescription
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: int mPaddedIntrinsicHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind: io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind FORMAT_UPGRADE_REQUIRED
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipForegroundColor
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int producerIndex
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int never
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType BOOLEAN_LIST
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: float mStartAngleMax
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int title_template
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int cancel_action
android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$WorkEnqueuer: int mJobId
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable: boolean mShow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int queryHint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int backgroundTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer: int config_tooltipAnimTime
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasProgressTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int chronometer
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int parentPanel
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
com.google.firebase.messaging.RemoteMessage: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.realm.SyncSession: java.util.Map progressListenerToOsTokenMap
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy$ToolbarLayoutListener: java.lang.ref.WeakReference mContextRef
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _next
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int editTextBackground
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind: io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind[] $VALUES
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int dynamic
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
io.realm.SyncManager: java.util.Map sessions
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_SCALE_X: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_SCALE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_plate
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int custom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_media_action
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_START
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: int indexInArray
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_BOUND
io.realm.SyncManager: io.realm.SyncSession$ErrorHandler SESSION_NO_OP_ERROR_HANDLER
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState mConstantState
com.facebook.login.DeviceAuthMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: java.util.List pendingRows
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleMargin
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: android.graphics.PorterDuffColorFilter mTintFilter
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.GetServiceRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int layout
org.joda.time.DateTimeZone$Stub: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.amazonaws.services.cognitoidentity.model.ResourceConflictException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
io.realm.SyncSession: java.net.URI resolvedRealmURI
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType INTEGER
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int edit_query
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int View_theme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int default_activity_button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: int NUM_POINTS
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
com.google.android.gms.internal.location.zzd: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.FontMapper fontMapper
org.joda.time.tz.CachedDateTimeZone: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
io.realm.SyncManager: io.realm.UserStore userStore
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
org.joda.time.field.DecoratedDurationField: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int end
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int voiceIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lastBaselineToBottomHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable this$0
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
com.amazonaws.internal.CRC32MismatchException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_SCALE_X: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_SCALE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_SCALE_X: android.view.animation.Interpolator INSTANCE
org.joda.time.chrono.ZonedChronology: long serialVersionUID
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationAvailability: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: boolean mShowBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action0
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.AtomicOp: java.lang.Object _consensus
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int track
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasIndeterminateTint
com.google.android.material.datepicker.DateValidatorPointForward: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_PAUSE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_progressStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleMargins
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int alertTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar_Large_NoPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tooltipFrameBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_progressBackgroundTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMinTextSize
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event[] $VALUES
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: float mBackgroundAlpha
com.amazonaws.services.cognitoidentity.model.ConcurrentModificationException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int consumerIndex
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ClientIdentity: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: io.realm.internal.ObserverPairList realmObserverPairs
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$Builder: java.lang.CharSequence mContentTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int topPanel
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl$WrapperWorkItem: com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl this$0
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseContentDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX: float mScaleX
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy$ToolbarLayoutListener: java.lang.String BLANK
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int showHome
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$PartialSyncCallback: java.lang.String className
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressDrawable: boolean mUseIntrinsicPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: android.content.res.ColorStateList mTintList
android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zag: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType: com.amazonaws.logging.Log LOGGER
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig mCalligraphyConfig
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int radio
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: int PADDED_INTRINSIC_HEIGHT_DP
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Media
com.facebook.FacebookOperationCanceledException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_TRANSLATE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
org.joda.time.field.UnsupportedDateTimeField: long serialVersionUID
com.google.android.material.badge.BadgeState$State: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
androidx.customview.view.AbsSavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableLeftCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int right_icon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.google.android.gms.maps.GoogleMapOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.realm.SyncManager: java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor NETWORK_POOL_EXECUTOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.google.gson.internal.$Gson$Types$WildcardTypeImpl: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_divider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: java.util.List sharedRealmsUnderConstruction
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: byte FILE_EXCEPTION_KIND_FORMAT_UPGRADE_REQUIRED
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.internal.GoogleSignInOptionsExtensionParcelable: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
io.realm.SyncSession: java.lang.Object waitForChangesMutex
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkEnqueuer: android.content.Context mContext
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkEnqueuer: boolean mServiceProcessing
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int icon
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl$WrapperWorkItem: android.app.job.JobWorkItem mJobWork
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.google.android.gms.internal.location.zzdd: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: long[][] columnIndices
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int actions
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int logo
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: io.realm.internal.Table table
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
kotlin.collections.EmptySet: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
com.facebook.Profile: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.facebook.share.internal.DeviceShareDialogFragment$RequestState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$ComponentNameWithWakeful: boolean useWakefulService
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int blocking
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
com.amazonaws.AmazonServiceException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int font
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
kotlin.collections.EmptyList: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
com.amazonaws.AbortedException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: float mTrimPathOffset
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_SCALE_X: android.view.animation.Interpolator INSTANCE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode mProgressTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSecondary
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: java.util.Set SORT_VALID_FIELD_TYPES
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_numericModifiers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: boolean mIsFontSet
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_bar_root
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int customPanel
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: java.lang.String fontAssetPath
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasIndeterminateTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bitmap.RecyclableBufferedInputStream$InvalidMarkException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LimitedDispatcher: int runningWorkers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: float mTrimPathEnd
com.amazonaws.AmazonClientException: long serialVersionUID
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderSystemFontFamily
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
io.realm.RealmFieldType: int nativeValue
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int queryBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType LIST
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig: java.lang.String FLAVOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int isLightTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int checkbox
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_fontFamily
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_badge
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int ALT
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.MarkerOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int notification_main_column
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_BOUND
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade: java.lang.String WRONG_TYPE_OF_CONFIGURATION
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$WorkEnqueuer: android.content.ComponentName mComponentName
org.joda.time.chrono.GregorianChronology: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3 this$1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int showDividers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
org.joda.time.DateTimeFieldType: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_media
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: int mProgressIntrinsicHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
io.realm.SyncManager: java.util.HashMap ROS_CERTIFICATES_CHAIN
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int image
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl: com.onesignal.JobIntentService mService
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: long controlState
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int horizontal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int dialogTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_custom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_grey_300
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.R$id: int viewpump_tag_id
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType: com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType[] $VALUES
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.facebook.FacebookDialogException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.amazonaws.services.cognitoidentity.model.TooManyRequestsException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_END: android.graphics.Path PATH_TRIM_PATH_END
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
io.realm.SyncSession: int DIRECTION_DOWNLOAD
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMaxTextSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int background
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX mRect2TransformX
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int foreground_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_BOUND
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_RESUME
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int normal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
io.realm.SyncSession: io.realm.SyncSession$ErrorHandler errorHandler
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
org.joda.time.tz.FixedDateTimeZone: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_determinateCircularProgressStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.internal.SignInConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int homeLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeStepGranularity
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
io.realm.SyncSession: io.realm.RealmAsyncTask refreshTokenNetworkRequest
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType STRING
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int PADDED_INTRINSIC_SIZE_DP
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.facebook.login.KatanaProxyLoginMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int list_item
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTopCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableBottomCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_PROGRESS
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_go_btn
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_capital_off
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar_Small_NoPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType BOOLEAN
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_ANY
com.google.gson.internal.$Gson$Types$ParameterizedTypeImpl: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_context_bar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_voice_btn
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: java.util.List transactionCallbacks
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
io.realm.SyncManager: java.util.concurrent.CopyOnWriteArrayList authListeners
com.google.gson.JsonParseException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_showProgressBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_progressTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
com.facebook.FacebookAuthorizationException: long serialVersionUID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
com.facebook.appevents.AppEvent: long serialVersionUID
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: long nativePtr
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int barLength
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int srcCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int autoSizeMaxTextSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
com.facebook.AccessToken: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getStrokeColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setPopupTheme(int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabMaxWidth()
io.realm.SyncManager: void reset()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.TypefaceUtils: TypefaceUtils()
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$Api29Impl: void setTouchModal(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCustomSize(int)
io.realm.SyncSession: void addProgressListener(io.realm.ProgressMode,int,io.realm.ProgressListener)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: void addDataResultToIntent(androidx.core.app.RemoteInput,android.content.Intent,java.util.Map)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathOffset()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void runMigrationCallback(long,io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig,io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$MigrationCallback,long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade: SyncObjectServerFacade()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: long nativeCreateTable(long,java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.OsObjectSchemaInfo: long nativeGetPrimaryKeyProperty(long)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$VersionID getVersionID()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean restoreDefaultFocus(android.view.View)
com.onesignal.OSNotification$DisplayType: com.onesignal.OSNotification$DisplayType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.LoginActivity: void login(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleSelection(boolean)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setMaxWidth(int)
org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode: org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ThemeUtils: ThemeUtils()
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialDatePicker: MaterialDatePicker()
com.facebook.internal.FetchedAppSettingsManager$FetchAppSettingState: com.facebook.internal.FetchedAppSettingsManager$FetchAppSettingState[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMajor()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api16Impl: void startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],android.os.Bundle)
com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy: com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
io.realm.SyncSession: void removeProgressListener(io.realm.ProgressListener)
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: RealmNotifier(io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm)
com.appsee.bg: com.appsee.bg valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void callCompatInsetAnimationCallback(android.view.WindowInsets,android.view.View)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void initialize(java.io.File)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setPreserveFocusAfterLayout(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getHintFromLayout()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobWorkEnqueuer: JobIntentService$JobWorkEnqueuer(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName,int)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setNumericShortcut(android.view.MenuItem,char,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerPadding()
com.tsongkha.spinnerdatepicker.DatePicker: void setCurrentLocale(java.util.Locale)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api21Impl: java.util.Locale forLanguageTag(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void renameTable(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushBehavior: com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushBehavior[] values()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemIconSize(int)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setTopInsetScrimEnabled(boolean)
io.realm.SyncSession: SyncSession(io.realm.SyncConfiguration)
com.amazonaws.Protocol: com.amazonaws.Protocol valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.onesignal.OSSubscriptionChangedInternalObserver: void changed(com.onesignal.OSSubscriptionState)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener getOnFlingListener()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setExpandedHintEnabled(boolean)
com.google.firebase.iid.zzc: zzc()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setHorizontalGravity(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setRippleColorResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.TextView getSuffixTextView()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofFloat(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Path)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getCradleVerticalOffset()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setDrawDisappearingViewsLast(boolean)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$PartialSyncCallback: void onSuccess(io.realm.internal.OsResults)
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: void addTransactionCallback(java.lang.Runnable)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getMinLines(android.widget.TextView)
io.realm.SyncSession: void downloadAllServerChanges()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: androidx.cursoradapter.widget.CursorAdapter getSuggestionsAdapter()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipMinHeight()
com.appsee.AppseeNativeExtensions: void convertToYuv(int,int,android.graphics.Bitmap,java.nio.ByteBuffer,boolean,boolean,boolean)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getFabAlignmentMode()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getContentPaddingRight()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: void draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType: com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType getConnectionType(java.lang.String)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter getAdapter()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetStartWithNavigation(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: java.util.ArrayList getDefinedTransitions()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofInt(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Path)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setOnShow(float)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer: void write(androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemMaxLines(int)
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl: android.os.IBinder compatGetBinder()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCurrentDrawable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setTint(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: R$anim()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setPhoneNumberInputValidityListener(com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker$PhoneNumberInputValidityListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.realm.internal.OsResults: long nativeLastRow(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: void notifySubtreeAccessibilityStateChanged(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: void setLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api23Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getColorStateList(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeDisplayCutout()
org.jcodec.RefPicMarking$InstrType: org.jcodec.RefPicMarking$InstrType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setAllCaps(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable$ConstantState getConstantState()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPrefixText()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setProgressDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: void setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.emoji2.text.ConcurrencyHelpers$Handler28Impl: android.os.Handler createAsync(android.os.Looper)
io.realm.exceptions.IncompatibleSyncedFileException: IncompatibleSyncedFileException(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setShowDividers(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: java.lang.String getGroupName()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: boolean nativeHasTable(long,java.lang.String)
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CommandProcessor: void onPostExecute(java.lang.Void)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: android.graphics.ColorFilter getColorFilterForDrawing()
io.realm.exceptions.IncompatibleSyncedFileException: io.realm.RealmConfiguration getBackupRealmConfiguration(byte[],java.lang.Object[])
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.TypefaceUtils: android.graphics.Typeface load(android.content.res.AssetManager,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setMandatorySystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
io.realm.SyncSession: io.realm.SyncSession$ErrorHandler access$800(io.realm.SyncSession)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleColor(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getHintCollapsedTextHeight()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: boolean isMarginRelative(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
com.amazonaws.util.AWSRequestMetrics$Field: com.amazonaws.util.AWSRequestMetrics$Field[] values()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setLogoScaleType(android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.R$attr: R$attr()
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
io.realm.SyncSession: java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicBoolean access$100(io.realm.SyncSession)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setContentHeight(int)
com.onesignal.OSTrigger$OSTriggerKind: com.onesignal.OSTrigger$OSTriggerKind[] values()
com.appsee.lc: com.appsee.lc[] values()
com.bumptech.glide.load.DataSource: com.bumptech.glide.load.DataSource[] values()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: boolean nativeIsEmpty(long)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelinePercent(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconResource(int)
io.realm.internal.OsList: long nativeSize(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat getDisplayCutout()
org.jcodec.TrackType: org.jcodec.TrackType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getStrokeColorStateList()
org.joda.time.format.DateTimeFormatterBuilder$TimeZoneId: org.joda.time.format.DateTimeFormatterBuilder$TimeZoneId valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setElevation(float)
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext plus(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacing(int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabMinWidth()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy$ToolbarLayoutListener: Calligraphy$ToolbarLayoutListener(io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy,android.content.Context,androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setAutoSizeTextTypeWithDefaults(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setStrokeWidth(int)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: void setObserverPairs(io.realm.internal.ObserverPairList)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeAlpha(float)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setRootViewData(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type[] values()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: android.widget.TextView getRegisteredPhoneNumberTextView()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setScaleY(float)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setChecked(boolean)
com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$MappingMethod: com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$MappingMethod[] values()
io.realm.internal.OsObject: OsObject(io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm,io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipStrokeWidth()
com.appsee.nc: com.appsee.nc valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.exceptions.RealmPrimaryKeyConstraintException: RealmPrimaryKeyConstraintException(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownWidth()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setMaxImageSize(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconSize()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStartIconDrawable()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setCheckedItem(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: float getVelocity()
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: ForegroundLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.checkbox.MaterialCheckBox: void setCenterIfNoTextEnabled(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setAlpha(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconSize(float)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: void nativeNullifyLink(long,long)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api24Impl: void dispatchFinishTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.Permission: com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.Permission valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ListPopupWindow$Api24Impl: int getMaxAvailableHeight(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,boolean)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setSubheaderInsetStart(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusBottomEnd()
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: float getRadius()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$Api16Impl: void setSource(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord,android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getLayoutResource()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleY()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressBackgroundDrawable: HorizontalProgressBackgroundDrawable(android.content.Context)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void init(android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeTextType()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxCollapsedPaddingTop()
io.realm.internal.Table: long nativeGetColumnCount(long)
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType fromNativeValue(int)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemTextColor()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: java.util.List getCheckedButtonIds()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: float getBackgroundOverlayColorAlpha()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api24Impl: void cancelDragAndDrop(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnCloseListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setAllowStacking(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
com.google.zxing.BarcodeFormat: com.google.zxing.BarcodeFormat[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getCollapseContentDescription()
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.Phonenumber$PhoneNumber$CountryCodeSource: io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.Phonenumber$PhoneNumber$CountryCodeSource[] values()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: int getItemMaxLines()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior getBehavior()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: java.lang.String getFontPath()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: androidx.appcompat.widget.DecorToolbar getWrapper()
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.Phonenumber$PhoneNumber$CountryCodeSource: io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.Phonenumber$PhoneNumber$CountryCodeSource valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsetsForType(int,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setItemInvoker(androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setOnHide(float)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setStatusBarScrimResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api28Impl: boolean shouldShowMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
io.realm.internal.permissions.PermissionModule: PermissionModule()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setDividerDrawableHorizontal(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.tsongkha.spinnerdatepicker.DatePicker: void setMinDate(long)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: void removeListener(io.realm.RealmModel,io.realm.RealmObjectChangeListener)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillAlpha(float)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: void setButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconSize(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable$ConstantState getConstantState()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.text.Layout$Alignment getGravityTextAlignment()
kotlin.SynchronizedLazyImpl: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setIconifiedByDefault(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeColorResource(int)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDRootLayout: void setButtonStackedGravity(com.afollestad.materialdialogs.GravityEnum)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: void applyFontToTextView(android.content.Context,android.widget.TextView,io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat: ObjectAnimatorCompat()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setFillColor(int)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyInterceptor: io.github.inflationx.viewpump.InflateResult intercept(io.github.inflationx.viewpump.Interceptor$Chain)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getIconTintMode()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: boolean getAllowsGoneWidget()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(int)
com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$ActionType: com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$ActionType[] values()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$Api15Impl: int getMaxScrollX(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionHelper: void setProgress(float)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: boolean hasTable(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State[] values()
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.VivoHomeBadger: VivoHomeBadger()
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.XiaomiHomeBadger: XiaomiHomeBadger()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
io.realm.ManagementModuleMediator: ManagementModuleMediator()
com.onesignal.WebViewManager$Position: com.onesignal.WebViewManager$Position[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getError()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$Api19Impl: int getContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: boolean getUseCompatPadding()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setRootWindowInsets(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatPressedTranslationZResource(int)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: void nativeNullifyLink(long,long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColor(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: float getProgress()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getMinEms()
com.tsongkha.spinnerdatepicker.DatePicker: void setEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconSizeResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setPrimaryBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: void setMaxInlineActionWidth(int)
kotlin.jvm.internal.CallableReference$NoReceiver: java.lang.Object readResolve()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkItem: void complete()
androidx.lifecycle.LegacySavedStateHandleController$OnRecreation: LegacySavedStateHandleController$OnRecreation()
com.onesignal.OneSignal$LOG_LEVEL: com.onesignal.OneSignal$LOG_LEVEL[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getMaxWidth()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setShrinkMotionSpecResource(int)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: long size()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransitionDuration(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setShowMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade: ObjectServerFacade()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean onLevelChange(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setMaxCardElevation(float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setCompoundDrawablesRelative(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView$Api17Impl: int getLayoutDirection(android.content.res.Configuration)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getHideMotionSpec()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: void setTrimPathStart(float)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecycledViewPool(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool)
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior: HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_SCALE_X: Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_SCALE_X()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColorResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: Chip(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: boolean isStateful()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressDrawable: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: long nativeGetColumnIndex(long,java.lang.String)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: float getMaxCardElevation()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Api18Impl: boolean isInLayout(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setInternalOnCheckedChangeListener(com.google.android.material.internal.MaterialCheckable$OnCheckedChangeListener)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: byte[] nativeGetByteArray(long,long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconDrawable(int)
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig$SchemaMode: io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig$SchemaMode[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: void setOnReceiveContentListener(android.view.View,java.lang.String[],androidx.core.view.OnReceiveContentListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.models.enums.PhotoUploadOption: com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.models.enums.PhotoUploadOption[] values()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setClickable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setInlineLabelResource(int)
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl$WrapperWorkItem: void complete()
io.realm.internal.Table: long nativeFindFirstNull(long,long)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setMinimumHeight(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api24Impl: void setPointerIcon(android.view.View,android.view.PointerIcon)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setActionView(android.view.View)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: CalligraphyConfig$Builder()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.util.ArrayList getCurrentMenuItems()
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade: java.lang.Object[] getUserAndServerUrl(io.realm.RealmConfiguration)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api29Impl: android.app.RemoteInput$Builder setEditChoicesBeforeSending(android.app.RemoteInput$Builder,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_SCALE_X: Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_SCALE_X()
io.realm.SyncSession: void waitForChanges(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleGravity(int)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: boolean isAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterMaxLength(int)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: long nativeGetLink(long,long)
org.joda.time.chrono.ISOChronology$Stub: java.lang.Object readResolve()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$Api29Impl: void refreshAutoCompleteResults(android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getContentHeight()
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType[] values()
com.amazonaws.mobile.client.internal.InternalCallback$Mode: com.amazonaws.mobile.client.internal.InternalCallback$Mode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getHideMotionSpec()
io.realm.SyncManager: java.util.List getAllSessions(io.realm.SyncUser)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getPrefixTextColor()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$TabView: com.google.android.material.badge.BadgeDrawable getOrCreateBadge()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ListPopupWindow$Api29Impl: void setEpicenterBounds(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.graphics.Rect)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeSetRow(long,long,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextClassifierHelper$Api26Impl: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setEmptyDefault(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: int getAlpha()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setAnimateShowBeforeLayout(boolean)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setLiftableOverrideEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getNavigationIcon()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setRtlTextDirectionHeuristicsEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconCheckable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButtonImpl getImpl()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: java.lang.Integer getNavigationIconTint()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: long nativeGetColumnIndex(long,java.lang.String)
com.appsee.AppseeNativeExtensions: void convertAndEncode(int,int,android.graphics.Bitmap,long,boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofFloat(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,android.util.Property,android.graphics.Path)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Placeholder: int getEmptyVisibility()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setAccessibilityClassName(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: CollapsingToolbarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setOnCheckedChangeListener(com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView$OnCheckedChangeListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: void setContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: int getIntrinsicHeight()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setIconified(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.resources.TextAppearance getTextAppearance()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeColor(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BasePaintDrawable: BasePaintDrawable()
io.realm.internal.NativeObjectReference: void nativeCleanUp(long,long)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setBorderColor(int)
com.bumptech.glide.MemoryCategory: com.bumptech.glide.MemoryCategory[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void applyInsetTypes()
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofInt(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Path)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: java.util.List getCustomCountries()
io.realm.internal.OsObject: boolean isObjectIdColumn(java.lang.String)
com.onesignal.BootUpReceiver: BootUpReceiver()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getInflatedId()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProvider getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
com.facebook.marketing.internal.MarketingInitProvider: MarketingInitProvider()
com.google.android.material.appbar.ViewOffsetBehavior: ViewOffsetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior: ExpandableTransformationBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory: android.app.Application instantiateApplication(java.lang.ClassLoader,java.lang.String)
kotlin.LazyThreadSafetyMode: kotlin.LazyThreadSafetyMode[] values()
io.realm.internal.android.AndroidRealmNotifier: AndroidRealmNotifier(io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm,io.realm.internal.Capabilities)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setHideOnScroll(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: float getTargetPosition()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemWindowInsets()
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: int noteProxyOpNoThrow(android.app.AppOpsManager,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.OsCollectionChangeSet: int[] nativeGetRanges(long,int)
com.facebook.LoggingBehavior: com.facebook.LoggingBehavior valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.DialogAction: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.DialogAction[] values()
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver: FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver()
io.realm.ErrorCode$Category: io.realm.ErrorCode$Category valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
androidx.core.view.GravityCompat$Api17Impl: void apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
com.onesignal.NotificationRestoreService: NotificationRestoreService()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQuery()
io.realm.SyncManager: void init(java.lang.String,io.realm.UserStore)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.ColorFilter getColorFilter(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginStart()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior getBehavior()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable newDrawable()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setTitlePositionInterpolator(android.animation.TimeInterpolator)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getPopupTheme()
com.onesignal.OneSignalJobServiceBase: OneSignalJobServiceBase()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: int getCurrentState()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setStatusBarForegroundResource(int)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeSetFloat(long,long,float)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setOnCloseIconClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setFitsSystemWindows(boolean)
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.PhoneNumberUtil$ValidationResult: io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.PhoneNumberUtil$ValidationResult[] values()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: float getLineSpacingAdd()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarHideOffset(int)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils$1: void afterTextChanged(android.text.Editable)
com.facebook.appevents.internal.SubscriptionType: com.facebook.appevents.internal.SubscriptionType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerPadding(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeColorStateList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setDefaultCountryUsingPhoneCode(int)
com.amazonaws.util.ClassLoaderHelper: com.amazonaws.util.ClassLoaderHelper valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$bool: R$bool()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMaxWidthResource(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getItemDecorationCount()
io.realm.internal.objectserver.Token$Permission: io.realm.internal.objectserver.Token$Permission[] values()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void writeCopy(java.io.File,byte[])
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: NavigationView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: byte[] nativeGetByteArray(long,long)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: int getSubheaderInsetEnd()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowReserved(boolean)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealWidget$RevealInfo getRevealInfo()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSingleSelection(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetEnd()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: boolean access$000(io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelineEnd(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: float getCompatHoveredFocusedTranslationZ()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEventCompat$Api19Impl: void setContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
com.amazonaws.RequestClientOptions$Marker: com.amazonaws.RequestClientOptions$Marker valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSuggestionsAdapter(androidx.cursoradapter.widget.CursorAdapter)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: boolean isFontSet()
kotlin.coroutines.CombinedContext: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade: java.lang.String getSyncServerCertificateAssetName(io.realm.RealmConfiguration)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: MaterialProgressBar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutFrozen(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: androidx.core.graphics.PathParser$PathDataNode[] getPathData()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder addCustomViewWithSetTypeface(java.lang.Class)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthResource(int)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void stopWaitForChange()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarScrim()
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.DialogAction: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.DialogAction valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior: AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.internal.Table: java.lang.String nativeGetName(long)
com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.views.AdvancedCompoundButtonGroup: AdvancedCompoundButtonGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$PartialSyncCallback: void onError(io.realm.exceptions.RealmException)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSecondaryProgressTintList()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofArgb(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,int[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory: CoreComponentFactory()
com.onesignal.OneSignal$EmailErrorType: com.onesignal.OneSignal$EmailErrorType[] values()
com.bumptech.glide.load.PreferredColorSpace: com.bumptech.glide.load.PreferredColorSpace valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result$Code: com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result$Code valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCompoundDrawableTintList(android.widget.TextView)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int getAlpha()
io.realm.SyncSession: void addDownloadProgressListener(io.realm.ProgressMode,io.realm.ProgressListener)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelineBegin(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCheckedIcon()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setStartState(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setUiOptions(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginTop()
org.joda.time.DateTimeZone$Stub: void writeObject(java.io.ObjectOutputStream)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api19Impl: void showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig: BuildConfig()
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor getInstanceForDistinct(io.realm.internal.fields.FieldDescriptor$SchemaProxy,io.realm.internal.Table,java.lang.String)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDButton: void setStackedSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void suppressLayout(boolean)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemIconPadding(int)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: OsSharedRealm(long,io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: boolean isClosed()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.models.enums.DrawerToolbarType: com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.models.enums.DrawerToolbarType valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.joda.time.chrono.GregorianChronology: java.lang.Object readResolve()
com.onesignal.GcmBroadcastReceiver: GcmBroadcastReceiver()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipCornerRadius(float)
com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl$RequestCodeOffset: com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl$RequestCodeOffset valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type[] values()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.facebook.appevents.FlushReason: com.facebook.appevents.FlushReason valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberType: io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberType[] values()
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long getNativeFinalizerPtr()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: io.realm.internal.Table getTable(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeAddBoolean(long,boolean)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: void setButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getGravity()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusTopStart()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BasePaintDrawable: void onPreparePaint(android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getVerticalScrollFactorCompat()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.Menu getMenu()
com.bumptech.glide.load.DecodeFormat: com.bumptech.glide.load.DecodeFormat valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.amazonaws.util.IOUtils: com.amazonaws.util.IOUtils valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setOptimizationLevel(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList forLanguageTags(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: boolean onNestedFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconResource(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: R$style()
com.amazonaws.mobile.client.UserState: com.amazonaws.mobile.client.UserState[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation: IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation(me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$1)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getItemSpacing()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconEndPadding()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeColorResource(int)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setAlphabeticShortcut(android.view.MenuItem,char,int)
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key getKey()
androidx.core.os.BundleApi21ImplKt: void putSize(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.util.Size)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDRootLayout: void setButtonGravity(com.afollestad.materialdialogs.GravityEnum)
com.amazonaws.util.CodecUtils: com.amazonaws.util.CodecUtils valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: java.lang.String applyFontMapper(java.lang.String)
com.amazonaws.util.Classes: com.amazonaws.util.Classes[] values()
com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType: com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType[] values()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$SchemaChangedCallback: void onSchemaChanged()
io.realm.SyncManager: void notifyUserLoggedOut(io.realm.SyncUser)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ThemeUtils: int getColorFromAttrRes(int,int,android.content.Context)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getNestedScrollAxes()
org.joda.time.DateTimeZone$Stub: void readObject(java.io.ObjectInputStream)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat: IconCompat()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getPlaceholderTextColor()
io.realm.internal.OsCollectionChangeSet: long nativeGetFinalizerPtr()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: int getDefaultContentColor()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShowMotionSpecResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void drawRing(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)
io.realm.SyncManager: void removeSession(io.realm.SyncConfiguration)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.events.PasswordResetEvent$PasswordResetCallbackCode: com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.events.PasswordResetEvent$PasswordResetCallbackCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getStableInsets()
com.google.zxing.common.CharacterSetECI: com.google.zxing.common.CharacterSetECI[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy$ToolbarLayoutListener: void removeSelf(androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabIconTintResource(int)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior: CoordinatorLayout$Behavior()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$Category: com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$Category valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setHideMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long nativeCreateRowWithLongPrimaryKey(long,long,long,long,boolean)
com.facebook.appevents.AppEvent$SerializationProxyV2: java.lang.Object readResolve()
io.realm.SyncSession: boolean nativeRefreshAccessToken(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void applyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageLevel(int)
com.facebook.appevents.AppEvent: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onNestedPreScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int[])
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList createLocaleList(java.util.Locale[])
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: int getDialogTextColor()
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.InvalidRow: io.realm.internal.InvalidRow valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.DrawableCompat: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode parseTintMode(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconGravity()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofInt(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,android.util.Property,android.graphics.Path)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean isStateful()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks()
io.realm.SyncSession: void access$700(io.realm.SyncSession,io.realm.internal.network.AuthenticationServer,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState: androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState[] values()
org.joda.time.chrono.AssembledChronology: void readObject(java.io.ObjectInputStream)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable: void start()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$Api17Impl: int getTextAlignment(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void onAttachedToWindow()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: int getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior: ExpandableBehavior()
com.amazonaws.util.IOUtils: com.amazonaws.util.IOUtils[] values()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior: FabTransformationSheetBehavior()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setAllowsGoneWidget(boolean)
androidx.core.content.FileProvider$Api21Impl: java.io.File[] getExternalMediaDirs(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundMode(int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean getIncludeFontPadding(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: DrawerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeMaxTextSize()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: io.realm.RealmConfiguration getConfiguration()
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransitionListener(androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: float getCompatElevation()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: java.lang.String getPathName()
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferState: com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferState[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
io.realm.internal.Table: long nativeFindFirstString(long,long,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStart()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api26Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable createAdaptiveIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getStrokeWidth()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getImeOptions()
io.realm.SyncSession: java.lang.String getAccessToken(io.realm.internal.network.AuthenticationServer,java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor getInstanceForDistinct(io.realm.internal.fields.FieldDescriptor$SchemaProxy,io.realm.internal.Table,java.lang.String[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void applyIndeterminateTint()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidth(int)
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api23Impl: boolean shouldShowRequestPermissionRationale(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconMode(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaselineAlignedChildIndex()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(int)
androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList getAdjustedDefault()
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig: long nativeGetFinalizerPtr()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.Country getDefaultCountry()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable(android.content.Context)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Constraints: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintSet getConstraintSet()
io.realm.internal.OsResults: void nativeStopListening(long)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatPressedTranslationZ(float)
io.realm.SyncManager: boolean sslVerifyCallback(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
org.jcodec.NALUnitType: org.jcodec.NALUnitType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.rhinodesktop.locationutilities.newlocationupdates.services.UpdateLocationForegroundService: UpdateLocationForegroundService()
org.joda.time.DateTimeZone: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.tsongkha.spinnerdatepicker.DatePicker: int getMonth()
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setImageTintMode(android.widget.ImageView,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.MembershipActivity: MembershipActivity()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void nativeWriteCopy(long,java.lang.String,byte[])
com.amazonaws.mobile.client.AWSMobileClient$SignInMode: com.amazonaws.mobile.client.AWSMobileClient$SignInMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade: java.lang.Object[] getUserAndServerUrl(io.realm.RealmConfiguration)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setLastBaselineToBottomHeight(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: java.io.File getCodeCacheDir(android.content.Context)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: boolean isEmpty()
androidx.core.os.CancellationSignal$Api16Impl: android.os.CancellationSignal createCancellationSignal()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColorStateList()
io.realm.internal.OsObject: void notifyChangeListeners(java.lang.String[])
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getEndIconContentDescription()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setOnCheckedChangeListener(android.widget.CompoundButton$OnCheckedChangeListener)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: long nativeCreateTableWithPrimaryKeyField(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,boolean)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setChecked(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getEndIconMode()
io.realm.internal.OsResults: void nativeClear(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCheckMarkDrawable(int)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeAddString(long,java.lang.String)
io.realm.SyncSession: void setResolvedRealmURI(java.net.URI)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.net.Uri getUri(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api18Impl: void setAutoCancel(android.animation.ObjectAnimator,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPopupBackground()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setContentScrimResource(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: void calculateXYValues(android.graphics.Path,int[],int[])
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabIndicatorAnimationMode(int)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setDefaultCountryUsingPhoneCodeAndApply(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setProgressTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.app.NavUtils$Api16Impl: boolean navigateUpTo(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipEndPadding()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: android.widget.TextView getMessageView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.GravityCompat$Api17Impl: void apply(int,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int,int,android.graphics.Rect,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: java.util.List getCheckedChipIds()
com.amazonaws.util.Base64: com.amazonaws.util.Base64 valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.String pullFontPathFromView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$FrameworkActionBarDelegate$Api18Impl: void setHomeActionContentDescription(android.app.ActionBar,int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.String[] getDigitStrings(android.icu.text.DecimalFormatSymbols)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getMaxLines(android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getPendingAction()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat getDisplayCutout()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.onesignal.OSNotification$DisplayType: com.onesignal.OSNotification$DisplayType[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setupButtonChild(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: io.realm.internal.OsSchemaInfo getSchemaInfo()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCornerRadius(int)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void nativeCommitTransaction(long)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: java.lang.String getFullNumberWithPlus()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: int nativeGetColumnType(long,long)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipSpacingHorizontal()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.CheckoutActivity: CheckoutActivity()
com.google.android.gms.common.api.PendingResult: PendingResult()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CommandProcessor: java.lang.Object doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
com.onesignal.RestoreJobService: RestoreJobService()
com.appsee.ck: com.appsee.ck valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabTextColors(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetRight()
com.onesignal.SyncJobService: SyncJobService()
com.appsee.af: com.appsee.af[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: AppCompatCheckBox(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.internal.OsList: long nativeGetRow(long,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer: AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterOverflowTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.onesignal.OneSignal$PromptActionResult: com.onesignal.OneSignal$PromptActionResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.TypefaceUtils: boolean isLoaded(android.graphics.Typeface)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: boolean isLaidOut(android.view.View)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setMinimumWidth(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPreStopped(android.app.Activity)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.animation.Animator createIndeterminateHorizontalRect1(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setOrientation(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginBottom()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat$Params getTextMetricsParamsCompat()
com.onesignal.FocusTimeController$FocusEventType: com.onesignal.FocusTimeController$FocusEventType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.view.ContextThemeWrapper$Api17Impl: android.content.Context createConfigurationContext(androidx.appcompat.view.ContextThemeWrapper,android.content.res.Configuration)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setCompoundDrawableTintMode(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: int getItemVerticalPadding()
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: long nativeGetTimestamp(long,long)
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: void setMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setKeyboardAutoPopOnSearch(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: int hashCode()
org.joda.time.format.DateTimeFormatterBuilder$TimeZoneId: org.joda.time.format.DateTimeFormatterBuilder$TimeZoneId[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: MaterialProgressBar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$Api23Impl: void setDropDownViewTheme(android.widget.ThemedSpinnerAdapter,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException: RealmFileException(io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setUnboundedRipple(boolean)
com.appsee.af: com.appsee.af valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void fixCanvasScalingAndColorFilterWhenHardwareAccelerated()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getTabSelectedIndicator()
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind: io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
io.realm.internal.Table: void nativeSetString(long,long,long,java.lang.String,boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthFocusedResource(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setRippleColorResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.textfield.EndIconDelegate getEndIconDelegate()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotX(float)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView: void setListSelectionHidden(boolean)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getCheckedIconGravity()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.String pullFontPathFromStyle(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
io.realm.SyncSession: void notifyAllChangesSent(int,java.lang.Long,java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: float nativeGetFloat(long,long)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setBackgroundInternal(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getMandatorySystemGestureInsets()
com.bumptech.glide.load.EncodeStrategy: com.bumptech.glide.load.EncodeStrategy[] values()
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long getAndVerifyPrimaryKeyColumnIndex(io.realm.internal.Table)
io.realm.internal.Table: void nativeSetLong(long,long,long,long,boolean)
com.google.android.material.appbar.HeaderBehavior: HeaderBehavior()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Placeholder: void setEmptyVisibility(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleGravity(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getEndIconDrawable()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: boolean isAutoRefresh()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: void nativeSetTimestamp(long,long,long)
org.jcodec.Unit: org.jcodec.Unit[] values()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setShowMotionSpecResource(int)
io.realm.SyncManager: void notifyNetworkIsBack()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.BlueCheckboxButton: BlueCheckboxButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseContentDescription(int)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder setFontAttrId(int)
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: void removeAllChangeListeners()
androidx.core.util.ObjectsCompat$Api19Impl: int hash(java.lang.Object[])
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutManager(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemAnimator(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool getRecycledViewPool()
androidx.loader.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: androidx.loader.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipMinHeight(float)
io.realm.exceptions.IncompatibleSyncedFileException: io.realm.RealmConfiguration getBackupRealmConfiguration(byte[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setCustomView(android.view.View)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: BaseDrawable()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: int getTextColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: float onPullDistance(android.widget.EdgeEffect,float,float)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void nativeSetAutoRefresh(long,boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixText(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setTranslationY(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.Context getPopupContext()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable: void draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.widget.TextView getSubtitleTextView()
com.bumptech.glide.load.DecodeFormat: com.bumptech.glide.load.DecodeFormat[] values()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl: JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl(com.onesignal.JobIntentService)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeWidthFocused()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation: float access$200(me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getNavigationContentDescription()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: void onDrawRing(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInsetBottom(int)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setCountryForPhoneCode(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextStartPadding(float)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView getActionMenuView()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void setAutoRefresh(boolean)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockHandView: ClockHandView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: boolean nativeWaitForChange(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api21Impl: void onPull(android.widget.EdgeEffect,float,float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarVisibilityCallback(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback)
io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade: boolean wasDownloadInterrupted(java.lang.Throwable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.animation.Animator createIndeterminateHorizontalRect2(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
androidx.core.content.FileProvider: FileProvider()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundColor(int)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils$1: void onTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: Animators()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api19Impl: void setAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeSetDouble(long,long,double)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionScene getScene()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade: io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade getFacade(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitleOptional(boolean)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: boolean waitForChange()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: java.lang.CharSequence getChipText()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void setAlpha(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: float getAlpha()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setIndeterminateTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: boolean isConsumed()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeAddBinary(long,byte[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPopupTheme(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setLayoutDirection(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable: BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setTitleCentered(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: int getMarginStart(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getShowMotionSpec()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEditText(android.widget.EditText)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: R$id()
io.realm.internal.OsObject: void addListener(io.realm.RealmModel,io.realm.RealmObjectChangeListener)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.Country getSelectedCountry()
io.realm.internal.OsResults$Mode: io.realm.internal.OsResults$Mode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.appsee.jd: com.appsee.jd valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.onesignal.influence.model.OSInfluenceChannel: com.onesignal.influence.model.OSInfluenceChannel valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.appsee.bg: com.appsee.bg[] values()
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: java.lang.reflect.Method preHandler()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int generateViewId()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapsible(boolean)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabAnimationMode(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$Api17Impl: void setTextAlignment(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleLine(int)
io.realm.SyncManager: SyncManager()
androidx.core.widget.ListViewCompat$Api19Impl: boolean canScrollList(android.widget.ListView,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: int getSearchViewTextMinWidthDp()
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeSetBoolean(long,long,boolean)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTint()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void commitTransaction()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: HorizontalProgressDrawable(android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMajor()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: int getMaxInlineActionWidth()
com.google.android.material.textview.MaterialTextView: MaterialTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$WorkEnqueuer: void enqueueWork(android.content.Intent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.appsee.nc: com.appsee.nc[] values()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void nativeRegisterSchemaChangedCallback(long,io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$SchemaChangedCallback)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setDebugMode(int)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockFaceView: ClockFaceView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: ChipGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: boolean isHorizontallyScrollable(android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getCounterOverflowDescription()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setHideMotionSpecResource(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getSize()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig$SyncSessionStopPolicy: io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig$SyncSessionStopPolicy[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: void setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMaxWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterOverflowTextAppearance(int)
androidx.core.view.PointerIconCompat$Api24Impl: android.view.PointerIcon getSystemIcon(android.content.Context,int)
io.realm.internal.OsResults: long nativeGetFinalizerPtr()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperText(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: void setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMinEms(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$EdgeEffectFactory getEdgeEffectFactory()
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException: RealmFileException(io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind,java.lang.Throwable)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeAddNull(long)
androidx.legacy.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver: WakefulBroadcastReceiver()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable[] getCompoundDrawablesRelative(android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setShrinkMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId: com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId getInstance(com.google.firebase.FirebaseApp)
com.bumptech.glide.Priority: com.bumptech.glide.Priority[] values()
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: long nativeGetColumnCount(long)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyTypefaceSpan: void updateDrawState(android.text.TextPaint)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconSize(float)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearance(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.DrawableCompat: DrawableCompat()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMaxWidth(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMinWidth(int)
io.realm.ProgressMode: io.realm.ProgressMode[] values()
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: void close()
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: RemoteActionCompatParcelizer()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setTranslationX(float)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDButton: void setStackedGravity(com.afollestad.materialdialogs.GravityEnum)
com.google.firebase.iid.Registrar: java.util.List getComponents()
com.appsee.mb: com.appsee.mb valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setSubMenuArrowVisible(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_TRANSLATE_X: Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_TRANSLATE_X()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
org.joda.time.field.UnsupportedDateTimeField: java.lang.Object readResolve()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: void onDrawRing(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: android.view.LayoutInflater getLayoutInflater()
io.realm.SyncSession: boolean nativeWaitForDownloadCompletion(int,java.lang.String)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: int getFillColor()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void nativeCancelTransaction(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Api16Impl: android.text.StaticLayout createStaticLayoutForMeasuring(java.lang.CharSequence,android.text.Layout$Alignment,int,android.widget.TextView,android.text.TextPaint)
androidx.core.os.BundleApi18ImplKt: void putBinder(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.os.IBinder)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextEndPadding(float)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setHyphenationFrequency(int)
com.onesignal.OSInAppMessageAction$OSInAppMessageActionUrlType: com.onesignal.OSInAppMessageAction$OSInAppMessageActionUrlType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.google.gson.internal.LinkedTreeMap: void readObject(java.io.ObjectInputStream)
com.google.zxing.EncodeHintType: com.google.zxing.EncodeHintType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemHorizontalPadding(int)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setShortcut(android.view.MenuItem,char,char,int,int)
com.google.android.material.checkbox.MaterialCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getMaterialThemeColorsTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundResource(int)
com.facebook.login.DeviceAuthDialog: DeviceAuthDialog()
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetTop(android.view.DisplayCutout)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: boolean nativeGetBoolean(long,long)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.ToggleSwipingPageViewer: ToggleSwipingPageViewer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.bumptech.glide.load.PreferredColorSpace: com.bumptech.glide.load.PreferredColorSpace[] values()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior getBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: void setTrimPathEnd(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.text.Editable getText()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setStacked(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.SharedValues getSharedValues()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: int getEndState()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBoxStrokeErrorColor()
io.realm.internal.OsObject: void removeListener(io.realm.RealmModel)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior: ExpandableBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setTextInputAccessibilityDelegate(com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout$AccessibilityDelegate)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setLines(int)
com.onesignal.UpgradeReceiver: UpgradeReceiver()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEnabledResource(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
com.facebook.appevents.AppEvent$SerializationProxyV1: java.lang.Object readResolve()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$Api17Impl: void setTextDirection(android.view.View,int)
com.onesignal.OSTrigger$OSTriggerOperator: com.onesignal.OSTrigger$OSTriggerOperator valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: long nativeGetTable(long,java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState: androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api17Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable[] getCompoundDrawablesRelative(android.widget.TextView)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long createRowWithPrimaryKey(io.realm.internal.Table,long,java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getTextStartPadding()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: long[] nativeGetVersionID(long)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: java.util.List getPreferredCountries()
com.facebook.all.All: All()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void applyPrimaryProgressTint()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setOverriddenInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets[])
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: int getSubheaderInsetStart()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig build()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableCompatState: int getChangingConfigurations()
com.facebook.CustomTabActivity: CustomTabActivity()
io.realm.RealmCache$RealmCacheType: io.realm.RealmCache$RealmCacheType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: java.lang.String getCustomMasterCountries()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicatorColor(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: void setTint(int)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.StandardToolbarActivity$ToolbarType: com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.StandardToolbarActivity$ToolbarType[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getZ(android.view.View)
com.appsee.AppseeNativeExtensions: void saveMainThreadId()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api24Impl: android.icu.text.DecimalFormatSymbols getInstance(java.util.Locale)
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.AsusHomeBadger: AsusHomeBadger()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setShowDividerVertical(int)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: ListMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setElevation(float)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: R$string()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabCornerSize(float)
com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy: com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long nativeCreate(long,long)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void start()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.text.Layout$Alignment getActualTextAlignment()
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setImageTintList(android.widget.ImageView,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api19Impl: java.io.File[] getExternalFilesDirs(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.appbar.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior: HeaderScrollingViewBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.rhinodesktop.locationutilities.newlocationupdates.receivers.LocationReceiver: LocationReceiver()
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.NovaHomeBadger: NovaHomeBadger()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setNavigationIconTint(int)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void executePendingRowQueries()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: android.graphics.ColorFilter getColorFilter()
com.amazonaws.mobile.client.results.SignInState: com.amazonaws.mobile.client.results.SignInState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setPrecomputedText(androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: int getAnimationMode()
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawable(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofInt(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,android.util.Property,android.graphics.Path)
androidx.core.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompat$Api21Impl: android.view.animation.PathInterpolator createPathInterpolator(android.graphics.Path)
io.realm.DefaultRealmModule: DefaultRealmModule()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1: ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.animation.Animator createIndeterminateRotation(java.lang.Object)
io.realm.SyncSession: java.net.URI getServerUrl()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: android.view.WindowInsets onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: java.lang.String getTableName(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecyclerListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerListener)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$Api15Impl: void setMaxScrollY(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord,int)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setSelectedCountry(com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.Country)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: FragmentActivity()
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferType: com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: void setPathData(androidx.core.graphics.PathParser$PathDataNode[])
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSingleSelection(int)
com.onesignal.OneSignal$OSInFocusDisplayOption: com.onesignal.OneSignal$OSInFocusDisplayOption[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState: BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState(me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable)
com.appsee.bd: com.appsee.bd[] values()
io.realm.SyncSession: boolean nativeWaitForUploadCompletion(int,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getLastWindowInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: android.app.RemoteInput$Builder setAllowDataType(android.app.RemoteInput$Builder,java.lang.String,boolean)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: io.realm.internal.Table createTableWithPrimaryKey(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getTextEndPadding()
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: void removeChangeListener(java.lang.Object,io.realm.RealmChangeListener)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: CircleImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int,boolean)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle$Api31Impl: void showBigPictureWhenCollapsed(android.app.Notification$BigPictureStyle,boolean)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: java.io.File getTemporaryDirectory()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform(me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$1)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.BuildConfig: BuildConfig()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setProgressBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setFirstBaselineToTopHeight(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
io.realm.internal.Table: void nativeSetNull(long,long,long,boolean)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: void setRevealInfo(com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealWidget$RevealInfo)
io.realm.internal.OsObjectStore: boolean nativeCallWithLock(java.lang.String,java.lang.Runnable)
io.realm.exceptions.RealmMigrationNeededException: java.lang.String getPath()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: java.io.File getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.maps.GoogleMapOptions: GoogleMapOptions()
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setPressable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBase: AudioAttributesImplBase()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setIndeterminate(boolean)
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: void setScrimColor(int)
io.realm.internal.Property: long nativeGetFinalizerPtr()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: boolean isStateful()
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long nativeCreateRowWithStringPrimaryKey(long,long,long,java.lang.String)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: CalligraphyConfig(io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder,io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$1)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setForceShowIcon(boolean)
com.amazonaws.RequestClientOptions$Marker: com.amazonaws.RequestClientOptions$Marker[] values()
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: void nativeSetBoolean(long,long,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setFlagSize(int)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setProgressBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior getBehavior()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPrePaused(android.app.Activity)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.DrawerAppBarActivity: DrawerAppBarActivity()
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api23Impl: int getColor(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getMinimumHeightForVisibleOverlappingContent()
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: boolean nativeIsAttached(long)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeSetDate(long,long,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int[] getAutoSizeTextAvailableSizes()
com.onesignal.ADMMessageHandler: void onRegistered(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade: void init(android.content.Context)
io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade: void downloadRemoteChanges(io.realm.RealmConfiguration)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: int nativeGetColumnType(long,long)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getScrimAlpha()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setOnInflateListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getRightInset()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setBorderWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getTopFadingEdgeStrength()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void invalidateIterators()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setOnTabSelectedListener(com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$BaseOnTabSelectedListener)
okhttp3.internal.http2.ErrorCode: okhttp3.internal.http2.ErrorCode[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getLineCount()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setUnboundedRippleResource(int)
org.jcodec.ColorSpace: org.jcodec.ColorSpace valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: CalligraphyConfig(io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicatorGravity(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextFuture(java.util.concurrent.Future)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: void drawRing(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint,float,float)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable: boolean isStarted()
com.google.android.gms.maps.MapsInitializer$Renderer: com.google.android.gms.maps.MapsInitializer$Renderer[] values()
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeSetLong(long,long,long)
okio.ByteString: void readObject(java.io.ObjectInputStream)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: void setOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api24Impl: android.content.Context createDeviceProtectedStorageContext(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getCheckedIconMargin()
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferService: TransferService()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: float getCardElevation()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginEnd()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,int,int,int,int)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api29Impl: int getEditChoicesBeforeSending(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.os.LocaleListCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList getDefault()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconVisible(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setNeedsEmptyIcon(boolean)
io.realm.internal.Table: void nativeSetFloat(long,long,long,float,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHasNonEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
io.realm.internal.ObservableCollection: void notifyChangeListeners(long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageResource(int)
com.onesignal.WebViewManager$OSJavaScriptInterface: void postMessage(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemGestureInsets()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.ReflectionUtils: ReflectionUtils()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingResource(int)
io.realm.internal.Property: long nativeGetColumnIndex(long)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyTypefaceSpan: void apply(android.graphics.Paint)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$TabView: int getContentHeight()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: android.graphics.ColorFilter getColorFilter()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper$Api17Impl: void getRealSize(android.view.Display,android.graphics.Point)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: void nativeSetLong(long,long,long)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: void nativeSetString(long,long,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealWidget$RevealInfo getRevealInfo()
com.onesignal.OneSignalStateSynchronizer$UserStateSynchronizerType: com.onesignal.OneSignalStateSynchronizer$UserStateSynchronizerType[] values()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior: FabTransformationScrimBehavior()
com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.CannedAccessControlList: com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.CannedAccessControlList valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: FlowLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getMaxFlingVelocity()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderText(java.lang.CharSequence)
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberFormat: io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberFormat[] values()
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeInsertLong(long,long,long)
io.realm.SyncSession: io.realm.SyncConfiguration access$500(io.realm.SyncSession)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setSecondaryProgressTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: boolean isInTransaction()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyTypefaceSpan: CalligraphyTypefaceSpan(android.graphics.Typeface)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setNextClusterForwardId(android.view.View,int)
io.realm.SyncManager: javax.net.ssl.X509TrustManager systemDefaultTrustManager()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.CustomTabLayout: void setupWithViewPager(androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager)
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransitionState(android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getTotalScrollRange()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void nativeInit(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setEnsureMinTouchTargetSize(boolean)
io.realm.SyncSession: void notifySessionError(int,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setStackedBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.SyncSession: void nativeRemoveProgressListener(java.lang.String,long)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: float getTargetElevation()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.String getResPackage(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabGravity()
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException: RealmFileException(io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBarTopEdgeTreatment getTopEdgeTreatment()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: void setCircularRevealScrimColor(int)
androidx.core.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$Api16Impl: boolean performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View$AccessibilityDelegate,android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkItem: android.content.Intent getIntent()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setNavigationIconTint(int)
com.amazonaws.auth.SigningAlgorithm: com.amazonaws.auth.SigningAlgorithm[] values()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getVisibleButtonCount()
okhttp3.Protocol: okhttp3.Protocol[] values()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setAnimationMode(int)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: void applyFontToTextView(android.content.Context,android.widget.TextView,io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig,java.lang.String,boolean)
com.bumptech.glide.load.DataSource: com.bumptech.glide.load.DataSource valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompat$Api21Impl: android.view.animation.PathInterpolator createPathInterpolator(float,float,float,float)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDRootLayout: void setMaxHeight(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior: BottomAppBar$Behavior()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CommandProcessor: java.lang.Void doInBackground(java.lang.Void[])
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: int getDefaultBackgroundColor()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSearchableInfo(android.app.SearchableInfo)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig$Durability: io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig$Durability valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.OsObjectStore: long nativeGetSchemaVersion(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: AndroidExceptionPreHandler()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setDisableCircularTransformation(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setError(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer: androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21 read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig: void nativeEnableChangeNotification(long,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: int getType(java.lang.Object)
com.bumptech.glide.Priority: com.bumptech.glide.Priority valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior: FabTransformationSheetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: int getAlpha()
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api16Impl: void finishAffinity(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.view.WindowCallbackWrapper$Api23Impl: boolean onSearchRequested(android.view.Window$Callback,android.view.SearchEvent)
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.OPPOHomeBader: OPPOHomeBader()
com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.SymbolShapeHint: com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.SymbolShapeHint valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.joda.time.DateTimeZone$Stub: java.lang.Object readResolve()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconDrawable(int)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.color.FillGridView: FillGridView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setCustomMasterCountries(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCircularRevealOverlayDrawable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetLeft()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.content.res.ColorStateList getProgressTintList()
com.facebook.appevents.PersistedEvents$SerializationProxyV1: java.lang.Object readResolve()
com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.models.HTTPMethod: com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.models.HTTPMethod[] values()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getFabCradleMargin()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: boolean canAddV7AppCompatViews()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: long getScrimAnimationDuration()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void refresh()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnSearchClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: void calculateXYValues(android.graphics.Path,float[],float[])
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api16Impl: void startActivity(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api23Impl: int getLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType: com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.appsee.bd: com.appsee.bd valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getMinWidth()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemWindowInsets()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder setFontMapper(io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.FontMapper)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: long nativeGetColumnCount(long)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: boolean nativeIsClosed(long)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemVerticalPadding(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabAlignmentMode(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getText()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: boolean isRunning()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleInitializer: ProcessLifecycleInitializer()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$TabView: com.google.android.material.badge.BadgeDrawable getBadge()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer: R$integer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginStart()
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ChipTextInputComboView: ChipTextInputComboView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofArgb(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,int[])
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setTypeFace(android.graphics.Typeface)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCheckMarkTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.tsongkha.spinnerdatepicker.DatePicker: java.lang.String getOrderJellyBeanMr2()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipStrokeColor()
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: void nativeSetLink(long,long,long)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAccessibilityHeading(android.view.View,boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: float getCompatPressedTranslationZ()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: boolean compact()
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: int getLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void copyWindowDataInto(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
io.realm.internal.OsList: boolean nativeIsValid(long)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: RemoteActionCompatParcelizer()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.utils.FixAppBarLayoutBehavior: FixAppBarLayoutBehavior()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.TintableDrawable: void setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: Barrier(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setOverlayMode(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getStateDescription(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCounterTextColor()
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig: void nativeSetInMemory(long,boolean)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.VerifyPinLayout: VerifyPinLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getErrorTextCurrentColor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getErrorContentDescription()
com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bitmap.DownsampleStrategy$SampleSizeRounding: com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bitmap.DownsampleStrategy$SampleSizeRounding valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.LoginActivity: void useEmailLogin(android.view.View)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_END: Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_END()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.VirtualLayout: void setVisibility(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofInt(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Path)
org.jcodec.ColorSpace: org.jcodec.ColorSpace[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMaxWidth()
com.google.android.material.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout: ScrimInsetsFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredHeight()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathStart()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: int getProgressStyle()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState: int getChangingConfigurations()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getDefaultHintTextColor()
com.onesignal.OSUtils$SchemaType: com.onesignal.OSUtils$SchemaType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginTop(int)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api19Impl: boolean isAutoMirrored(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: MaterialProgressBar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getVisibleInsets(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
org.joda.time.MutableDateTime$Property: void readObject(java.io.ObjectInputStream)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeAddDouble(long,double)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setSystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getCheckedChipId()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.realm.internal.OsSchemaInfo: long nativeGetObjectSchemaInfo(long,java.lang.String)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.R$id: R$id()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setOnTabSelectedListener(com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$OnTabSelectedListener)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setAdapter(androidx.viewpager.widget.PagerAdapter)
androidx.loader.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel: LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getLastVisibleChildIndex()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation: IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: boolean isScreenReaderFocusable(android.view.View)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.TrackUserLocationActivity: TrackUserLocationActivity()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabCradleRoundedCornerRadius(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.content.res.ColorStateList getIndeterminateTintList()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setDefaultHintTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.amazonaws.mobile.client.internal.InternalCallback$Mode: com.amazonaws.mobile.client.internal.InternalCallback$Mode[] values()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setRippleColorResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getLogo()
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiClient: void disconnect()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleSelection(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getScrimVisibleHeightTrigger()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$InitializationCallback: void onInit(io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void addPendingRow(io.realm.internal.PendingRow)
com.amazonaws.util.json.AwsJsonToken: com.amazonaws.util.json.AwsJsonToken[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMaxWidth(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
okhttp3.TlsVersion: okhttp3.TlsVersion valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setPressed(boolean)
io.realm.internal.Table: void nativeSetLink(long,long,long,long,boolean)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabCradleMargin(float)
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: int getListenersListSize()
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons[] values()
com.google.gson.ToNumberPolicy: com.google.gson.ToNumberPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColorStateList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.os.BundleApi21ImplKt: void putSizeF(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.util.SizeF)
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api28Impl: int getScaledHoverSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior: AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getHintCurrentCollapsedTextColor()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getStrokeWidth()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setSingleLine(boolean)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$Api21Impl: boolean getClipToPadding(android.view.ViewGroup)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: int getNextClusterForwardId(android.view.View)
io.realm.SyncManager: void access$000()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumWidth()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setBorderColorResource(int)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$MigrationCallback: void onMigrationNeeded(io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm,long,long)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getProgressBackgroundTintMode()
com.facebook.CustomTabMainActivity: CustomTabMainActivity()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxCollapsedPaddingTop(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: int getPopupTheme()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: ActionBarContainer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade: java.lang.String getSyncServerCertificateFilePath(io.realm.RealmConfiguration)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getExtendMotionSpec()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.FontMapper getFontMapper()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void onPreparePaint(android.graphics.Paint)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofInt(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,android.util.Property,android.graphics.Path)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipCornerRadius()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior: BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: Calligraphy(io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.JumpToTypeLayout: void setItemTypeNameTextView(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.amazonaws.util.CodecUtils: com.amazonaws.util.CodecUtils[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setZ(android.view.View,float)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: boolean nativeIsAutoRefresh(long)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyTypefaceSpan: void updateMeasureState(android.text.TextPaint)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getButtonDrawable(android.widget.CompoundButton)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginBottom(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean isRound()
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: java.util.List getBoundingRects(android.view.DisplayCutout)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeMinTextSize()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.String pullFontPathFromTextAppearance(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
io.realm.internal.OsList: long nativeGetFinalizerPtr()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQueryHint()
com.appsee.wm: com.appsee.wm valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
org.joda.time.chrono.ISOChronology: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
androidx.core.text.ICUCompat$Api24Impl: android.icu.util.ULocale addLikelySubtags(java.lang.Object)
io.realm.internal.OsObjectStore: void nativeSetSchemaVersion(long,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetEndWithActions(int)
io.realm.SyncManager: io.realm.SyncSession getSession(io.realm.SyncConfiguration)
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api26Impl: float getScaledHorizontalScrollFactor(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
com.facebook.AccessTokenSource: com.facebook.AccessTokenSource[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getChipIcon()
com.appsee.lc: com.appsee.lc valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.async.BadVersionException: BadVersionException(java.lang.String)
com.google.firebase.iid.Registrar: Registrar()
com.rhinoactive.foreorder_library_android.views.BlueRadioButton: BlueRadioButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setOnCheckedChangeListener(com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup$OnCheckedChangeListener)
com.amazonaws.util.AWSRequestMetrics$Field: com.amazonaws.util.AWSRequestMetrics$Field valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.DecodeJob$RunReason: com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.DecodeJob$RunReason valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean hasExplicitFocusable(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void stopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabIndicatorFullWidth(boolean)
com.tsongkha.spinnerdatepicker.DatePicker: int getYear()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setInlineLabel(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl$WrapperWorkItem: android.content.Intent getIntent()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getErrorIconDrawable()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCardBackgroundColor()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
com.facebook.LoggingBehavior: com.facebook.LoggingBehavior[] values()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: int getCircularRevealScrimColor()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.zxing.common.CharacterSetECI: com.google.zxing.common.CharacterSetECI valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.amazonaws.mobile.client.IdentityProvider: com.amazonaws.mobile.client.IdentityProvider[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(int)
io.realm.SyncManager: void setUserStore(io.realm.UserStore)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabMode()
org.jcodec.SliceType: org.jcodec.SliceType[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int,android.graphics.Paint)
com.google.gson.internal.LazilyParsedNumber: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity: GoogleApiActivity()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setRadius(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BasePaintDrawable: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int,android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory: android.content.ContentProvider instantiateProvider(java.lang.ClassLoader,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory: android.content.BroadcastReceiver instantiateReceiver(java.lang.ClassLoader,java.lang.String,android.content.Intent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setAppSearchData(android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setTooltipText(android.view.MenuItem,java.lang.CharSequence)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: java.lang.String nativeGetString(long,long)
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException: RealmFileException(byte,java.lang.String)
io.realm.SyncManager: void nativeSimulateSyncError(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,boolean)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.ReflectionUtils: java.lang.reflect.Method getMethod(java.lang.Class,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabIndicatorGravity()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCheckedIconTint()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: AppCompatImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: void setTextInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: ViewStubCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getTappableElementInsets()
androidx.core.os.ConfigurationCompat$Api24Impl: android.os.LocaleList getLocales(android.content.res.Configuration)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getItemBackground()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleX()
io.realm.internal.Property: java.lang.String nativeGetLinkedObjectName(long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeErrorColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
org.jcodec.NALUnitType: org.jcodec.NALUnitType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAligned(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.Object requireViewById(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextEndPaddingResource(int)
kotlin.collections.EmptyList: java.lang.Object readResolve()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: java.lang.String resolveFontPath(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: int getHeaderCount()
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: ViewPager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.SyncManager: void simulateClientReset(io.realm.SyncSession)
io.realm.SyncManager: void addAuthenticationListener(io.realm.AuthenticationListener)
androidx.core.text.TextUtilsCompat$Api17Impl: int getLayoutDirectionFromLocale(java.util.Locale)
io.realm.internal.Table: void nativeSetTimestamp(long,long,long,long,boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: java.lang.String getSceneString()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAccessibilityPaneTitle(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
com.bumptech.glide.request.SingleRequest$Status: com.bumptech.glide.request.SingleRequest$Status[] values()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: boolean canCheckForV7Toolbar()
okhttp3.internal.http2.ErrorCode: okhttp3.internal.http2.ErrorCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.amazonaws.services.s3.internal.BucketNameUtils: com.amazonaws.services.s3.internal.BucketNameUtils[] values()
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferType: com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferType[] values()
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: long nativeGetFinalizerPtr()
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory: android.app.Activity instantiateActivity(java.lang.ClassLoader,java.lang.String,android.content.Intent)
kotlin.coroutines.CombinedContext$Serialized: java.lang.Object readResolve()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setViewCacheExtension(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPresenter(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: boolean isAccessibilityHeading(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSize(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: int getDividerInsetEnd()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setExpandedFormat(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setImportantForAutofill(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$TabView: com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$Tab getTab()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixTextAppearance(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getScrollState()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$PartialSyncCallback: java.lang.String access$000(io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$PartialSyncCallback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollingTouchSlop(int)
com.facebook.internal.FacebookDialogFragment: FacebookDialogFragment()
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType[] values()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: java.util.Locale getTextLocale(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api26Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon createWithAdaptiveBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
io.realm.SyncSession: void authenticateRealm(io.realm.internal.network.AuthenticationServer)
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api23Impl: void requestPermissions(android.app.Activity,java.lang.String[],int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int getIntrinsicWidth()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: boolean access$300(io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.models.enums.TimeBetweenLocationUpdates: com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.models.enums.TimeBetweenLocationUpdates[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTabContainer(androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setNavigationItemSelectedListener(com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView$OnNavigationItemSelectedListener)
io.realm.SyncManager: void notifyUserLoggedIn(io.realm.SyncUser)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipCount()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerWidth()
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor getInstance(io.realm.internal.fields.FieldDescriptor$SchemaProxy,io.realm.internal.Table,java.lang.String[],io.realm.Sort[],java.util.Set,java.util.Set,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getTextDirection(android.view.View)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle$Api31Impl: void setContentDescription(android.app.Notification$BigPictureStyle,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMinor()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void nativeStopWaitForChange(long)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setFullNumber(java.lang.String)
androidx.fragment.app.Fragment: Fragment()
androidx.startup.InitializationProvider: InitializationProvider()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: ConstraintLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getStrokeColor()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setAccessibilityDelegateCompat(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeSystemWindowInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable$ConstantState getConstantState()
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.PhoneNumberUtil$ValidationResult: io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.PhoneNumberUtil$ValidationResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(int)
com.google.android.gms.maps.SupportMapFragment: SupportMapFragment()
com.google.android.material.checkbox.MaterialCheckBox: void setUseMaterialThemeColors(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofFloat(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,android.util.Property,android.graphics.Path)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: void nativeSetByteArray(long,long,byte[])
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconVisible(boolean)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$Api16Impl: void removeOnGlobalLayoutListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver,android.view.ViewTreeObserver$OnGlobalLayoutListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout: void setDrawBottomInsetForeground(boolean)
okio.SegmentedByteString: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: AppBarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimAlpha(int)
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind: io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void start()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateX()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconVisible(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: boolean isHorizontallyScrollable(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: FitWindowsLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.amazonaws.util.json.AwsJsonToken: com.amazonaws.util.json.AwsJsonToken valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getLabelFor(android.view.View)
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor getInstanceForSort(io.realm.internal.fields.FieldDescriptor$SchemaProxy,io.realm.internal.Table,java.lang.String,io.realm.Sort)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.RectF getCloseIconTouchBounds()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setTranslationZ(float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.View getNavButtonView()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: android.view.MenuItem getCheckedItem()
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: java.lang.String getOpPackageName(android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout: int getBaseline()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setDelayedApplicationOfInitialState(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setChildDrawingOrderCallback(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ChildDrawingOrderCallback)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMinWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCloseIcon()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer: void write(androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBase,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconCheckable(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeSetString(long,long,java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IntrinsicPaddingDrawable: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.internal.SignInHubActivity: SignInHubActivity()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setScaleType(android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setSearchView(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
io.realm.internal.OsObjectSchemaInfo: long nativeCreateRealmObjectSchema(java.lang.String)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.models.enums.DrawerToolbarType: com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.models.enums.DrawerToolbarType[] values()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter$StateRestorationPolicy: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter$StateRestorationPolicy[] values()
com.amazonaws.mobile.client.AWSMobileClient$SignInMode: com.amazonaws.mobile.client.AWSMobileClient$SignInMode[] values()
com.google.android.material.internal.VisibilityAwareImageButton: void setVisibility(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMinWidthResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: android.graphics.ColorFilter getColorFilter()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
io.realm.RealmFieldType: boolean isValid(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.os.UserManagerCompat$Api24Impl: boolean isUserUnlocked(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setVisibility(int)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setOnCountryChangeListener(com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker$OnCountryChangeListener)
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig: void nativeSetCompactOnLaunchCallback(long,io.realm.CompactOnLaunchCallback)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setOnCheckedStateChangeListener(com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup$OnCheckedStateChangeListener)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.core.view.NestedScrollingChildHelper getScrollingChildHelper()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getHideMotionSpec()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getDownNestedPreScrollRange()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void detachIterators()
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getForeground()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTextAppearance(int)
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkItem: JobIntentService$CompatWorkItem(com.onesignal.JobIntentService,android.content.Intent,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(int)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder setDefaultFontPath(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api16Impl: void startActivityForResult(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent,int,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getContentPaddingTop()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable()
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: long[][] getColumnIndices()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setGeneratedIdIfNeeded(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionRowLayout()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getMaxEms()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setStatusBarForeground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: boolean updateTintFilter()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconVisible(int)
com.google.gson.internal.LinkedTreeMap: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setRegisteredPhoneNumberTextView(android.widget.TextView)
com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType: com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: java.lang.String getA11yClassName()
com.google.android.material.appbar.HeaderBehavior: HeaderBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: void setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: R$color()
androidx.versionedparcelable.CustomVersionedParcelable: CustomVersionedParcelable()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: int getAttrId()
com.onesignal.SyncService: SyncService()
io.realm.internal.OsSchemaInfo: long nativeCreateFromList(long[])
com.tsongkha.spinnerdatepicker.DatePicker: void setMaxDate(long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.EditText getEditText()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setFilterRedundantCalls(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence)
io.realm.ObjectServer: ObjectServer()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: long getNanoTime()
com.facebook.internal.SmartLoginOption: com.facebook.internal.SmartLoginOption valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api19Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.InsetDrawable)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getDefaultHeight()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: int hashCode()
com.bumptech.glide.load.EncodeStrategy: com.bumptech.glide.load.EncodeStrategy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api17Impl: void setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api23Impl: void onSharedElementsReady(java.lang.Object)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.OrderItemAppBarActivity: OrderItemAppBarActivity()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathEnd()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCounterOverflowTextColor()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginEnd(int)
io.realm.internal.OsResults$Mode: io.realm.internal.OsResults$Mode[] values()
com.google.android.material.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout: void setDrawTopInsetForeground(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaseline()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType getLogoScaleType()
com.google.android.material.textfield.MaterialAutoCompleteTextView: void setSimpleItems(int)
io.realm.internal.TableQuery: void nativeIsNull(long,long[],long[])
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api18Impl: android.graphics.Rect getClipBounds(android.view.View)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: void setAlpha(int)
com.amazonaws.util.ClassLoaderHelper: com.amazonaws.util.ClassLoaderHelper[] values()
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: android.view.DisplayCutout createDisplayCutout(android.graphics.Rect,java.util.List)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: android.view.View getTabContainer()
io.realm.internal.android.AndroidRealmNotifier: boolean post(java.lang.Runnable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setTabSelected(int)
io.realm.SyncSession: io.realm.SyncSession$State getState()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setScene(androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionScene)
com.google.android.material.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout: void setScrimInsetForeground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void nativeCloseSharedRealm(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.onesignal.OSTrigger$OSTriggerOperator: com.onesignal.OSTrigger$OSTriggerOperator[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofFloat(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,android.util.Property,android.graphics.Path)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: ConstraintHelper(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.LoginActivity: void forgotPassword(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getMaxWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getOrientation()
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDRootLayout: void setStackingBehavior(com.afollestad.materialdialogs.StackingBehavior)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.LoginActivity: void createAccount(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: android.widget.Button getActionView()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void runPartialSyncRegistrationCallback(java.lang.String,long,io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$PartialSyncCallback)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getClipToPadding()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CommandProcessor: void onCancelled(java.lang.Void)
com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken: com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: R$styleable()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: void onViewCreatedInternal(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.onesignal.OSNotificationAction$ActionType: com.onesignal.OSNotificationAction$ActionType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.onesignal.influence.model.OSInfluenceType: com.onesignal.influence.model.OSInfluenceType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: ComponentActivity()
com.appsee.AppseeNativeExtensions: boolean initEncoder(java.lang.String,int,int,int,int,java.lang.String[],int[],boolean,boolean,boolean)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void registerPartialSyncQuery(java.lang.String,io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$PartialSyncCallback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getActionBarHideOffset()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setEllipsize(android.text.TextUtils$TruncateAt)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStartWithNavigation()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: void setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressBackgroundDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Placeholder: android.view.View getContent()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setFirstBaselineToTopHeight(android.widget.TextView,int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconSize()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setExtendMotionSpecResource(int)
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: void addChangeListener(java.lang.Object,io.realm.RealmChangeListener)
io.realm.internal.Table: void nativeMigratePrimaryKeyTableIfNeeded(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView: void setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.appsee.ck: com.appsee.ck[] values()
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: long nativeGetLink(long,long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getSelectedTabPosition()
io.realm.log.RealmLog: int nativeGetLogLevel()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: java.lang.String[] getReceiveContentMimeTypes(android.view.View)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: java.lang.String getFullNumber()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabsFromPagerAdapter(androidx.viewpager.widget.PagerAdapter)
org.joda.time.chrono.ISOChronology$Stub: void readObject(java.io.ObjectInputStream)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: MaterialProgressBar(android.content.Context)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.ReflectionUtils: void invokeMethod(java.lang.Object,java.lang.reflect.Method,java.lang.Object[])
androidx.core.os.CancellationSignal$Api16Impl: void cancel(java.lang.Object)
org.jcodec.Codec: org.jcodec.Codec[] values()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: IconCompatParcelizer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setLineHeight(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: android.view.WindowInsets dispatchApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.gson.internal.LazilyParsedNumber: void readObject(java.io.ObjectInputStream)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetRight()
com.onesignal.RestoreKickoffJobService: RestoreKickoffJobService()
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setElevation(float)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: R$attr()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Api23Impl: android.text.StaticLayout createStaticLayoutForMeasuring(java.lang.CharSequence,android.text.Layout$Alignment,int,int,android.widget.TextView,android.text.TextPaint,androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl)
io.realm.internal.Table: long nativeGetLinkTarget(long,long)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColor()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService: JobIntentService()
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long nativeCreateNewObjectWithStringPrimaryKey(long,long,long,java.lang.String)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.GravityEnum: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.GravityEnum valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: long getTablePtr()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getElevation(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconStartPaddingResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCollapseIcon()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setLiftOnScroll(boolean)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.facebook.appevents.FlushResult: com.facebook.appevents.FlushResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: int getBackgroundColor()
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory: java.lang.Object checkCompatWrapper(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getIconTintMode(android.view.MenuItem)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCardElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: int getForegroundGravity()
com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.ErrorCorrectionLevel: com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.ErrorCorrectionLevel valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat$Api16Impl: void startIntentSenderForResult(android.app.Activity,android.content.IntentSender,int,android.content.Intent,int,int,int,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.Compaction: com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.Compaction[] values()
io.realm.SyncManager: void nativeReset()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void addKeyboardNavigationClusters(android.view.View,java.util.Collection,int)
kotlin.text.Regex$Serialized: java.lang.Object readResolve()
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setHoverListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuItemHoverListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.onesignal.OSNotificationAction$ActionType: com.onesignal.OSNotificationAction$ActionType[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconHovered(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setHasFixedSize(boolean)
io.realm.exceptions.RealmMigrationNeededException: RealmMigrationNeededException(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult: BasePendingResult()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api20Impl: android.os.Bundle getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
androidx.core.os.TraceCompat$Api18Impl: void beginSection(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeAddLong(long,long)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setLineSpacing(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransition(androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionScene$Transition)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMinHeight(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeWidthResource(int)
io.realm.internal.OsResults: long nativeCreateResults(long,long,io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor,io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void registerSchemaChangedCallback(io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$SchemaChangedCallback)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setStatusBarForegroundColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable createFromXmlInner(android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int getIntrinsicHeight()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getFabCradleRoundedCornerRadius()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTransitioning(boolean)
io.realm.CompactOnLaunchCallback: boolean shouldCompact(long,long)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: int getRootAlpha()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCloseIconTint()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.content.Context getPopupContext()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: long getNativeFinalizerPtr()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setExpanded(boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextAppearance(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.View keyboardNavigationClusterSearch(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void removePendingRow(io.realm.internal.PendingRow)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getShowMotionSpec()
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade: android.content.Context getApplicationContext()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: AppCompatActivity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: void setAttachListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout$OnAttachListener)
com.amazonaws.AmazonServiceException$ErrorType: com.amazonaws.AmazonServiceException$ErrorType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: AppCompatImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void drawProgressRect(android.graphics.Canvas,me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX,android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api19Impl: java.io.File[] getExternalCacheDirs(android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.bumptech.glide.request.RequestCoordinator$RequestState: com.bumptech.glide.request.RequestCoordinator$RequestState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: SnackbarContentLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: int getDividerInsetStart()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: java.lang.String getDefaultCountryName()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setAdjustViewBounds(boolean)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: void setRevealInfo(com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealWidget$RevealInfo)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: android.view.View$OnClickListener getCountryCodeHolderClickListener()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$ThemeCompat$Api29Impl: void rebase(android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: boolean nativeCompact(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnSuggestionListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener)
com.amazonaws.mobile.client.results.SignInState: com.amazonaws.mobile.client.results.SignInState[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: void onDrawRect(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setLiftOnScrollTargetViewId(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCheckMarkDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.appsee.jd: com.appsee.jd[] values()
com.onesignal.GcmIntentJobService: GcmIntentJobService()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setCradleVerticalOffset(float)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.TintableDrawable: void setTint(int)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior: FabTransformationScrimBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.internal.OsSchemaInfo: long nativeGetFinalizerPtr()
com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.models.HTTPMethod: com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.models.HTTPMethod valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig$SyncSessionStopPolicy: io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig$SyncSessionStopPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: int getCollapsedSize()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.PointerIconCompat$Api24Impl: android.view.PointerIcon create(android.graphics.Bitmap,float,float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipCornerRadiusResource(int)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long nativeCreateRow(long,long)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setTitleEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.StandardToolbarActivity$ToolbarType: com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.StandardToolbarActivity$ToolbarType valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.SyncSession: void notifyProgressListener(long,long,long)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable(android.content.Context)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: void nativeSetLong(long,long,long)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: int getMargin()
kotlin.collections.EmptySet: java.lang.Object readResolve()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkEnqueuer: void enqueueWork(android.content.Intent)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeWidth()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior: FabTransformationBehavior()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setFillViewport(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
okhttp3.logging.HttpLoggingInterceptor$Level: okhttp3.logging.HttpLoggingInterceptor$Level[] values()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long nativeCreateNewObjectWithLongPrimaryKey(long,long,long,long,boolean)
io.realm.internal.OsResults: long nativeGetRow(long,int)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api24Impl: java.io.File getDataDir(android.content.Context)
kotlin.UnsafeLazyImpl: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setBorderOverlay(boolean)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarForeground()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api26Impl: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity(android.widget.TextView)
com.onesignal.OneSignal$EmailErrorType: com.onesignal.OneSignal$EmailErrorType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setRootAlpha(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getFabAnimationMode()
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException: io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind getKind()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setScreenReaderFocusable(android.view.View,boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setPressed(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setInflatedId(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29()
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade: void wrapObjectStoreSessionIfRequired(io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig)
com.onesignal.ADMMessageHandler: void onRegistrationError(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getRootStableInsets()
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: void nativeSetByteArray(long,long,byte[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable: boolean isRunning()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemHorizontalPaddingResource(int)
androidx.multidex.MultiDexApplication: MultiDexApplication()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: int getColor(android.content.Context,int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api24Impl: void updateDragShadow(android.view.View,android.view.View$DragShadowBuilder)
org.jcodec.Brand: org.jcodec.Brand[] values()
io.realm.SyncManager: void notifyProgressListener(java.lang.String,long,long,long)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: boolean isCustomViewHasTypeface(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setTooltipText(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setSelectionDialogShowSearch(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
io.realm.log.RealmLogger: void log(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable,java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: int getOpacity()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconVisible(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setPopupCallback(androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconGravity(int)
com.onesignal.HmsMessageServiceOneSignal: HmsMessageServiceOneSignal()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: java.lang.String getSelectedCountryCodeWithPlus()
io.realm.ErrorCode: io.realm.ErrorCode[] values()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setSubtitleCentered(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setVerticalGravity(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void applyProgressTints()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintInternal(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setFocusedByDefault(android.view.View,boolean)
com.amazonaws.util.AWSServiceMetrics: com.amazonaws.util.AWSServiceMetrics[] values()
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm access$000(io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getCustomSize()
com.onesignal.OneSignalStateSynchronizer$UserStateSynchronizerType: com.onesignal.OneSignalStateSynchronizer$UserStateSynchronizerType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int,int)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.CustomTabLayout: CustomTabLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setDividerInsetEnd(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: TextInputEditText(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStartPaddingResource(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void applyTintForDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList,boolean,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode,boolean)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior: CoordinatorLayout$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState: BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState(me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable,me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$1)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade: boolean wasDownloadInterrupted(java.lang.Throwable)
androidx.core.graphics.PaintCompat$Api23Impl: boolean hasGlyph(android.graphics.Paint,java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: R$dimen()
io.realm.SyncSession: io.realm.RealmAsyncTask access$900(io.realm.SyncSession)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.app.Person$Api28Impl: android.app.Person toAndroidPerson(androidx.core.app.Person)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setTextColor(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxBackgroundColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: boolean applyFontToTextView(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.Typeface)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: android.app.AppOpsManager getSystemService(android.content.Context)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.models.enums.PhotoUploadOption: com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.models.enums.PhotoUploadOption valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void drawBackgroundRect(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
okhttp3.logging.HttpLoggingInterceptor$Level: okhttp3.logging.HttpLoggingInterceptor$Level valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.SyncSession: void refreshAccessToken(io.realm.internal.network.AuthenticationServer)
com.bumptech.glide.load.data.ParcelFileDescriptorRewinder$InternalRewinder: android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor rewind()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: java.lang.Object fold(java.lang.Object,kotlin.jvm.functions.Function2)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.realm.SyncSession$State: io.realm.SyncSession$State[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: void saveAttributeDataForStyleable(android.view.View,android.content.Context,int[],android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setSplitBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
org.jcodec.Unit: org.jcodec.Unit valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.onesignal.OneSignal$LOG_LEVEL: com.onesignal.OneSignal$LOG_LEVEL valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$LINEAR: Interpolators$LINEAR()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompat: AudioAttributesCompat()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ListPopupWindow$Api29Impl: void setIsClippedToScreen(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: boolean getOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow)
com.appsee.bk: com.appsee.bk[] values()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior: com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.MainActivity: MainActivity()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setMargin(int)
com.google.android.gms.maps.MapsInitializer$Renderer: com.google.android.gms.maps.MapsInitializer$Renderer valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.amazonaws.auth.SignatureVersion: com.amazonaws.auth.SignatureVersion[] values()
io.realm.SyncManager: java.lang.String bindSessionWithConfig(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeSystemWindowInsets()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconPressed(boolean)
com.amazonaws.metrics.AwsSdkMetrics: com.amazonaws.metrics.AwsSdkMetrics valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BasePaintDrawable: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View$OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getIconEndPadding()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setLogoAdjustViewBounds(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowCompat$Api16Impl: void setDecorFitsSystemWindows(android.view.Window,boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: boolean isCustomViewTypefaceSupport()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: void onPreparePaint(android.graphics.Paint)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$SpinnerPopup getInternalPopup()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setDividerDrawableVertical(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
org.jcodec.Brand: org.jcodec.Brand valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.Theme: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.Theme[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconTintResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterTextAppearance(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout: ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setIndeterminateDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: void setContentHeight(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api23Impl: boolean setLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
androidx.core.text.ICUCompat$Api24Impl: java.lang.String getScript(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: boolean getHideOnScroll()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean isConsumed()
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeInsertNull(long,long)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector: com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: boolean getShowProgressBackground()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
io.realm.internal.Table: long nativeFindFirstInt(long,long,long)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleGravity()
androidx.core.app.BundleCompat$Api18Impl: void putBinder(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String,android.os.IBinder)
com.bumptech.glide.MemoryCategory: com.bumptech.glide.MemoryCategory valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade: void realmClosed(io.realm.RealmConfiguration)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeDisplayCutout()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setHideMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredWidth()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.text.TextUtils$TruncateAt getEllipsize()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: boolean nativeIsInTransaction(long)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean hasOverlappingRendering(android.view.View)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils$1: CalligraphyUtils$1(android.graphics.Typeface)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: void setTrimPathOffset(float)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMaxHeight()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setCompoundDrawableTintList(android.widget.TextView,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getImageTintList(android.widget.ImageView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.os.TraceCompat$Api18Impl: void endSection()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHint(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInternalBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setClipToPadding(boolean)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean startNestedScroll(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconSizeResource(int)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: void nativeStartListening(long)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: boolean nativeGetBoolean(long,long)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: long getTransitionTimeMs()
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeInsertBoolean(long,long,boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getIndeterminateTintMode()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getStrokeColor()
com.bumptech.glide.request.RequestCoordinator$RequestState: com.bumptech.glide.request.RequestCoordinator$RequestState[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setOverScrollMode(int)
com.google.firebase.components.ComponentDiscoveryService: ComponentDiscoveryService()
com.onesignal.influence.model.OSInfluenceType: com.onesignal.influence.model.OSInfluenceType[] values()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: int getNumericModifiers(android.view.MenuItem)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setShowDividerHorizontal(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setShouldDrawSurfaceColorStroke(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: TextInputLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCardBackgroundColor()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable: void stop()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: ButtonBarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.ColorFilter getColorFilter()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: boolean isLayoutDirectionResolved(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setupWithViewPager(androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager)
com.onesignal.WebViewManager$Position: com.onesignal.WebViewManager$Position valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop: ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop()
io.realm.internal.Util: java.lang.String nativeGetTablePrefix()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getHintTextColor()
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendarGridView: MaterialCalendarGridView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: MaterialButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
io.realm.internal.OsObjectSchemaInfo: void nativeAddProperties(long,long[],long[])
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CommandProcessor: JobIntentService$CommandProcessor(com.onesignal.JobIntentService)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30()
com.appsee.fc: com.appsee.fc valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType: boolean isConnected(android.net.ConnectivityManager)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isFocusedByDefault(android.view.View)
com.amazonaws.http.HttpMethodName: com.amazonaws.http.HttpMethodName valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemIconTintList()
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setContentScrim(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getPaddingWidth()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterEnabled(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getShowMotionSpec()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void stop()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getTitleCollapseMode()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getTextWidth()
com.amazonaws.ServiceNameFactory: com.amazonaws.ServiceNameFactory[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api26Impl: float getScaledVerticalScrollFactor(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
com.onesignal.NotificationOpenedReceiver: NotificationOpenedReceiver()
com.appsee.hj: com.appsee.hj[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconStartPadding()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.ToggleSwipingPageViewer: void setPagingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeWidth(float)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow create(io.realm.internal.Table)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api28Impl: android.graphics.Typeface create(android.graphics.Typeface,int,boolean)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getLeftInset()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: io.realm.internal.Table createTable(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getIconTint()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setElevation(float)
androidx.core.view.GravityCompat$Api17Impl: void applyDisplay(int,android.graphics.Rect,android.graphics.Rect,int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setExtendMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
io.realm.ErrorCode: io.realm.ErrorCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$Api19Impl: boolean removeTouchExplorationStateChangeListenerWrapper(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$TouchExplorationStateChangeListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipBackgroundColorResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$Api23Impl: void setExitTransition(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.transition.Transition)
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$WorkEnqueuer: void serviceProcessingStarted()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: java.util.List getSystemGestureExclusionRects(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setMaxLines(int)
com.facebook.messenger.Messenger: Messenger()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: float getWeightSum()
com.rhinodesktop.facebookutilities.FacebookPermission: com.rhinodesktop.facebookutilities.FacebookPermission[] values()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$WorkEnqueuer: JobIntentService$WorkEnqueuer(android.content.ComponentName)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata toPlatform(androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.MaterialDialog$ListType: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.MaterialDialog$ListType[] values()
io.realm.internal.OsResults: long nativeSize(long)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setBackgroundTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setTextClassifier(android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: double nativeGetDouble(long,long)
com.facebook.login.Login: Login()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconSize(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconMargin(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setShowingForActionMode(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException: GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getTopInset()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.models.enums.TimeBetweenLocationUpdates: com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.models.enums.TimeBetweenLocationUpdates valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setGroupDividerEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: boolean onLevelChange(int)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShowMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior: FabTransformationBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: CoordinatorLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.SSEAlgorithm: com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.SSEAlgorithm[] values()
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long nativeCreateNewObject(long,long)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: java.lang.String access$100(io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
io.realm.internal.OsResults: void nativeEvaluateQueryIfNeeded(long,boolean)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.Phonenumber$PhoneNumber getPhoneNumber()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.TypefaceUtils: io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyTypefaceSpan getSpan(android.graphics.Typeface)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetRight(android.view.DisplayCutout)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconContentDescription(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int,android.graphics.Paint)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: void addAppCompatViews()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager: StaggeredGridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
io.realm.internal.TableQuery: long nativeGetFinalizerPtr()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setWeightSum(float)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setEdgeEffectFactory(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$EdgeEffectFactory)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setCountryForNameCode(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconActivated(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21: AudioAttributesImplApi21()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: android.view.ViewParent getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: AppCompatRadioButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCornerRadiusResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getIconStartPadding()
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: void nativeSetDouble(long,long,double)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setDefaultCountry(com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.Country)
com.onesignal.influence.model.OSInfluenceChannel: com.onesignal.influence.model.OSInfluenceChannel[] values()
com.amazonaws.regions.Regions: com.amazonaws.regions.Regions valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: int getDefaultCountryCodeAsInt()
io.realm.internal.OsObject: java.lang.String nativeGetObjectIdColumName()
com.onesignal.OneSignal$AppEntryAction: com.onesignal.OneSignal$AppEntryAction valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setDialogTextColor(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: CircularProgressDrawable(int,android.content.Context)
androidx.core.provider.FontProvider$Api16Impl: android.database.Cursor query(android.content.ContentResolver,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconDrawable(int)
io.realm.SyncSession: void checkIfNotOnMainThread(java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getFillColor()
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeInsertString(long,long,java.lang.String)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter$StateRestorationPolicy: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter$StateRestorationPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.PathComponent$MatchBitmaskType: com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.PathComponent$MatchBitmaskType[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMinor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetStart()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: boolean isRound()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getHelperTextCurrentTextColor()
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: void onPreparePaint(android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: int getChangingConfigurations(android.content.res.TypedArray)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean isLayoutSuppressed()
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: void nativeSetTimestamp(long,long,long)
com.amazonaws.http.HttpMethodName: com.amazonaws.http.HttpMethodName[] values()
com.amazonaws.mobile.client.UserState: com.amazonaws.mobile.client.UserState valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: ObjectAnimatorCompatBase()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: FitWindowsFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.onesignal.OneSignal$AppEntryAction: com.onesignal.OneSignal$AppEntryAction[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
io.realm.internal.Property: int nativeGetType(long)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean hasNestedScrollingParent(android.view.View)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.utils.FixAppBarLayoutBehavior: FixAppBarLayoutBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setShowMotionSpecResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemIconPaddingResource(int)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: boolean isActionBarTitle(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setKeyboardNavigationCluster(android.view.View,boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getLineSpacing()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getHelperText()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: ActionMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setTypeFace(java.lang.String)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: java.lang.String getSelectedCountryNameCode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl: com.onesignal.JobIntentService$GenericWorkItem dequeueWork()
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setItemSpacing(int)
com.onesignal.OSPermissionChangedInternalObserver: void changed(com.onesignal.OSPermissionState)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setTappableElementInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: void nativeSetNull(long,long)
androidx.core.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompat$Api21Impl: android.view.animation.PathInterpolator createPathInterpolator(float,float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMinLines(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMinWidth()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api18Impl: void setClipBounds(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)
com.amazonaws.metrics.AwsSdkMetrics: com.amazonaws.metrics.AwsSdkMetrics[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setStatusBarScrimColor(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMaxLines(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetLeft()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatJobEngine: com.onesignal.JobIntentService$GenericWorkItem dequeueWork()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean hasTransientState(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.facebook.HttpMethod: com.facebook.HttpMethod valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior: HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipIconSize()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.appbar.ViewOffsetBehavior: ViewOffsetBehavior()
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.LGHomeBadger: LGHomeBadger()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.AppBarActivity: AppBarActivity()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton getEndIconView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable: CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginStart(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSelectionRequired(boolean)
com.onesignal.LocationController$PermissionType: com.onesignal.LocationController$PermissionType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMinHeight()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSubmitButtonEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextClassifier(android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier)
io.realm.DefaultRealmModuleMediator: DefaultRealmModuleMediator()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: int getResId(java.lang.Object)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: void nativeStopListening(long)
com.facebook.FacebookActivity: FacebookActivity()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl$WrapperWorkItem: JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl$WrapperWorkItem(com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl,android.app.job.JobWorkItem)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager getLayoutManager()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setHorizontalPadding(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: int getImportantForAutofill(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: MaterialButtonToggleGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: android.view.View onViewCreated(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: androidx.viewpager.widget.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
com.appsee.fc: com.appsee.fc[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable: void onDrawRing(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setScrollAnimatorListener(android.animation.Animator$AnimatorListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: boolean isPaddingRelative(android.view.View)
org.joda.time.chrono.ISOChronology$Stub: void writeObject(java.io.ObjectOutputStream)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: void checkFieldType(io.realm.internal.fields.FieldDescriptor,java.util.Set,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.OrderItemActivity: OrderItemActivity()
com.facebook.CurrentAccessTokenExpirationBroadcastReceiver: CurrentAccessTokenExpirationBroadcastReceiver()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableDelegateState: int getChangingConfigurations()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: void requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerListener(androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: OsSharedRealm(io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setChecked(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthFocused(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setOverriddenInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets[])
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void nativeBeginTransaction(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$Api23Impl: void setEnterTransition(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.transition.Transition)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetLeft(android.view.DisplayCutout)
com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.StorageClass: com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.StorageClass[] values()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: CalligraphyUtils()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.StandardToolbarActivity: StandardToolbarActivity()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$GenericWorkItem: void complete()
io.realm.internal.TableQuery: long nativeFind(long,long)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void setBackground(android.view.View,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: float getDistance(android.widget.EdgeEffect)
io.realm.SyncSession: boolean access$300(io.realm.SyncSession)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig: java.util.Map getClassStyles()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.Object getSystemService(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$Api17Impl: int getTextDirection(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getRootWindowInsets(android.view.View)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setState(androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconEnabledResource(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressDrawable: BaseProgressDrawable()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void applyProgressBackgroundTint()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.FontMapper access$600(io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: android.view.Display getDisplay(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setBackgroundTintList(android.view.View,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior getBehavior()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipEndPadding(float)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: boolean nativeIsNullLink(long,long)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setStrokeColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingTop()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setTextSize(int)
io.realm.log.RealmLog: void nativeLog(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable,java.lang.String)
io.realm.SyncManager: java.security.cert.X509Certificate buildCertificateFromPEM(java.lang.String)
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusTopEnd()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobWorkEnqueuer: void enqueueWork(android.content.Intent)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.util.ObjectsCompat$Api19Impl: boolean equals(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.shape.MaterialShapeDrawable getBoxBackground()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void removeOnUnhandledKeyEventListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$OnUnhandledKeyEventListenerCompat)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setShowMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getShrinkMotionSpec()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotY()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatJobEngine: android.os.IBinder compatGetBinder()
io.realm.RealmFieldType: io.realm.RealmFieldType valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean isRunning()
com.facebook.appevents.FlushReason: com.facebook.appevents.FlushReason[] values()
io.realm.internal.async.BadVersionException: BadVersionException(java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: java.lang.String getPath()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: int getItemIconPadding()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStartPadding(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuPresenter getOuterActionMenuPresenter()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api24Impl: void setTextLocales(android.widget.TextView,android.os.LocaleList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemGestureInsets()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo(me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$1)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api24Impl: boolean isDeviceProtectedStorage(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForegroundGravity(int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getCompoundDrawableTintMode(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: void setMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
io.realm.exceptions.RealmError: RealmError(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList(android.view.View)
com.bumptech.glide.request.SingleRequest$Status: com.bumptech.glide.request.SingleRequest$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.rhinoactive.permissionutilities.models.Permission: com.rhinoactive.permissionutilities.models.Permission valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getBottomInset()
androidx.core.view.WindowCompat$Api30Impl: void setDecorFitsSystemWindows(android.view.Window,boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: java.lang.String getTransitionName(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColor()
com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedAppGlideModule: GeneratedAppGlideModule()
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.core.content.res.FontResourcesParserCompat$Api21Impl: int getType(android.content.res.TypedArray,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getStartIconContentDescription()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setBottomInsetScrimEnabled(boolean)
com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$Category: com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$Category[] values()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior: ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior()
org.joda.time.DateTimeFieldType$StandardDateTimeFieldType: java.lang.Object readResolve()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getShowDividers()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setAutofillHints(android.view.View,java.lang.String[])
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getHyphenationFrequency(android.widget.TextView)
com.amazonaws.services.s3.internal.BucketNameUtils: com.amazonaws.services.s3.internal.BucketNameUtils valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.Mode: com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.Mode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAlignedChildIndex(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipMinHeightResource(int)
com.rhinodesktop.activityanimatorutility.models.AnimationType: com.rhinodesktop.activityanimatorutility.models.AnimationType[] values()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: float getRadius()
com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushBehavior: com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushBehavior valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: boolean getUseCompatPadding()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getIcon()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageLevel(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getTabRippleColor()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofArgb(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,int[])
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setDpMargin(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: int getType()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getFillAlpha()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void registerIn(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton)
com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.models.ShowViewAnimation: com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.models.ShowViewAnimation valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipDrawable(com.google.android.material.chip.ChipDrawable)
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.SamsungHomeBadger: SamsungHomeBadger()
io.realm.exceptions.IncompatibleSyncedFileException: io.realm.RealmConfiguration getBackupRealmConfiguration()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.CharSequence applyTypefaceSpan(java.lang.CharSequence,android.graphics.Typeface)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getContentDescription(android.view.MenuItem)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api18Impl: boolean isInLayout(android.view.View)
com.appsee.ob: com.appsee.ob[] values()
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException: java.lang.String toString()
io.realm.SyncManager: void setAuthServerImpl(io.realm.internal.network.AuthenticationServer)
com.onesignal.ADMMessageHandler: ADMMessageHandler()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressBackgroundDrawable: void draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getDownNestedScrollRange()
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: kotlinx.coroutines.MainCoroutineDispatcher createDispatcher(java.util.List)
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getImageTintMode(android.widget.ImageView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.appsee.bk: com.appsee.bk valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorTextAppearance(int)
org.jcodec.SliceType: org.jcodec.SliceType valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.ShowBackgroundDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityPreCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getExpandedComponentIdHint()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: android.graphics.Typeface getDefaultTypeface(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
androidx.browser.browseractions.BrowserActionsFallbackMenuView: BrowserActionsFallbackMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.SyncSession: io.realm.SyncUser getUser()
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiClient: void connect()
androidx.core.app.NavUtils$Api16Impl: android.content.Intent getParentActivityIntent(android.app.Activity)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: CountryCodePicker(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void requestFitSystemWindows(android.view.View)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: java.lang.String hintOnError()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getTypeface()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.google.android.material.internal.VisibilityAwareImageButton: int getUserSetVisibility()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$GenericWorkItem: android.content.Intent getIntent()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: ProcessLifecycleOwner$3(androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimePickerView: TimePickerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getMinFlingVelocity()
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.EverythingMeHomeBadger: EverythingMeHomeBadger()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconEnabledResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingVerticalResource(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void stop()
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade: java.lang.String getSyncServerCertificateFilePath(io.realm.RealmConfiguration)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeMinTextSize()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior: FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: long nativeGetSchemaInfo(long)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationRequest: LocationRequest()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getInsetBottom()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle$Api16Impl: void setBigLargeIcon(android.app.Notification$BigPictureStyle,android.graphics.Bitmap)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setOrientation(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig: long nativeCreate(java.lang.String,boolean,boolean)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void nativeRenameTable(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: void onActivityPostStarted(android.app.Activity)
io.realm.ObjectServer: void init(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api20Impl: void addResultsToIntent(java.lang.Object,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
com.rhinoactive.permissionutilities.models.Permission: com.rhinoactive.permissionutilities.models.Permission[] values()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.AdwHomeBadger: AdwHomeBadger()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setLineSpacingMultiplier(float)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconResource(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForeground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.DecodeJob$Stage: com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.DecodeJob$Stage[] values()
io.realm.SyncSession: io.realm.SyncConfiguration getConfiguration()
com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.views.AdvancedRadioGroup: AdvancedRadioGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: void setTint(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
com.facebook.share.internal.DeviceShareDialogFragment: DeviceShareDialogFragment()
com.google.android.material.textfield.MaterialAutoCompleteTextView: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixText(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setExtended(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.content.res.ColorStateList getProgressBackgroundTintList()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: float getProgress()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconTintResource(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: int getIntrinsicHeight()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkEnqueuer: void serviceProcessingStarted()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer: androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView: void setSelectorEnabled(boolean)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeInsertFloat(long,long,float)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setTextDirection(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBaseline()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setHideMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: boolean canApplyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.PointerIconCompat$Api24Impl: android.view.PointerIcon load(android.content.res.Resources,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int,android.graphics.Paint)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api15Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getFabTranslationY()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.Rect getCloseIconTouchBoundsInt()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
androidx.loader.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: androidx.loader.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatReceiveContentHelper$OnDropApi24Impl: boolean onDropForTextView(android.view.DragEvent,android.widget.TextView,android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setOnHierarchyChangeListener(android.view.ViewGroup$OnHierarchyChangeListener)
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: ComponentActivity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bitmap.DownsampleStrategy$SampleSizeRounding: com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bitmap.DownsampleStrategy$SampleSizeRounding[] values()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: java.lang.String getSelectedCountryCode()
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig: void nativeSetSchemaConfig(long,byte,long,long,io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$MigrationCallback)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransition(int)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionCommitIconResId()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setImeOptions(int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintAnimationEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView$Api21Impl: void drawableHotspotChanged(android.view.View,float,float)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatViewInflater: AppCompatViewInflater()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getTooltipText(android.view.MenuItem)
com.onesignal.NotificationOpenedActivityHMS: NotificationOpenedActivityHMS()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$TabView: void setSelected(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R: R()
io.realm.internal.Table: long nativeGetFinalizerPtr()
com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.SSEAlgorithm: com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.SSEAlgorithm valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipEndPaddingResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconVisible(int)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.String getSystemServiceName(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$ActionType: com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$ActionType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathOffset(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setDividerInsetStart(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: int getStartState()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathEnd(float)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void loadReflectionField()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemVerticalPaddingResource(int)
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer: EmojiCompatInitializer()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofFloat(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Path)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: int access$200(io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setInputType(int)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: boolean applyFontToTextView(android.content.Context,android.widget.TextView,java.lang.String,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setAutoSizeTextTypeWithDefaults(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: void setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig: void nativeSetSyncConfigSslSettings(long,boolean,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckableResource(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeWidthResource(int)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: java.util.Set access$500(io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getRotation()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: int getItemHorizontalPadding()
com.rhinodesktop.locationutilities.newlocationupdates.services.UpdateLocationService: UpdateLocationService()
com.onesignal.OSSubscriptionState: void changed(com.onesignal.OSPermissionState)
com.facebook.places.Places: Places()
com.google.zxing.BarcodeFormat: com.google.zxing.BarcodeFormat valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.HasTypeface: void setTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.appsee.AppseeNativeExtensions: void installSignalHandlers(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: void setSystemGestureExclusionRects(android.view.View,java.util.List)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: void setTint(int)
io.realm.internal.Property: long nativeCreatePersistedLinkProperty(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: AndroidDispatcherFactory()
com.amazonaws.util.AWSServiceMetrics: com.amazonaws.util.AWSServiceMetrics valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getScrollIndicators(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setForceApplySystemWindowInsetTop(boolean)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior: ExpandableTransformationBehavior()
io.realm.SyncSession: void clearScheduledAccessTokenRefresh()
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: boolean[] getAscendings()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$Api15Impl: void setMaxScrollX(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord,int)
com.google.android.material.theme.MaterialComponentsViewInflater: MaterialComponentsViewInflater()
com.facebook.internal.FacebookInitProvider: FacebookInitProvider()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setDefaultCountryUsingNameCode(java.lang.String)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.StackingBehavior: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.StackingBehavior valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getTextHeight()
io.realm.internal.OsList: long[] nativeCreate(long,long,long)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.OptionItemCheckoutLayout: void setOptionItemText(com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.models.OptionItem)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm getInstance(io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig$Builder)
org.jcodec.RefPicMarking$InstrType: org.jcodec.RefPicMarking$InstrType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setExpandedComponentIdHint(int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: TabLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeStableInsets()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckable(boolean)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: IconCompatParcelizer()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getChipDrawable()
com.appsee.AppseeBackgroundUploader: AppseeBackgroundUploader()
io.realm.internal.OsResults: boolean nativeIsValid(long)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setRootViewData(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.amazonaws.ServiceNameFactory: com.amazonaws.ServiceNameFactory valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig$Durability: io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig$Durability[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: void setIds(java.lang.String)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.JumpNavButton: JumpNavButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: java.lang.String getDefaultCountryCode()
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.ApexHomeBadger: ApexHomeBadger()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: boolean getPreventCornerOverlap()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setConstraintSet(androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofArgb(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,int[])
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.text.ICUCompat$Api21Impl: java.lang.String getScript(java.util.Locale)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconStartPadding(float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setArrowSize(int)
com.onesignal.LocationController$PermissionType: com.onesignal.LocationController$PermissionType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.view.WindowCallbackWrapper$Api23Impl: android.view.ActionMode onWindowStartingActionMode(android.view.Window$Callback,android.view.ActionMode$Callback,int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeAlpha()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig: void nativeSetEncryptionKey(long,byte[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setAdapter(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMaxEms(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.NumberParseException$ErrorType: io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.NumberParseException$ErrorType[] values()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getRippleColor()
com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy: com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: void applyFontToTextView(android.content.Context,android.widget.TextView,io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig,boolean)
io.realm.SyncSession: void uploadAllLocalChanges()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate getCompatAccessibilityDelegate()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkEnqueuer: void serviceProcessingFinished()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMaxHeight(int)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: int getBorderColor()
com.onesignal.OSUtils$SchemaType: com.onesignal.OSUtils$SchemaType[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSelectionRequired(boolean)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: long nativeSize(long)
io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade: void wrapObjectStoreSessionIfRequired(io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getMandatorySystemGestureInsets()
com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.PathComponent$MatchBitmaskType: com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.PathComponent$MatchBitmaskType valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: void setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: boolean nativeIsNull(long,long)
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: AbstractCoroutineContextElement(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetBottom(android.view.DisplayCutout)
com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.StorageClass: com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.StorageClass valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setRootWindowInsets(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int,android.graphics.Paint)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable: void draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
io.realm.SyncManager: void nativeInitializeSyncManager(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setStrokeColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
okhttp3.Protocol: okhttp3.Protocol valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicator(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getLiftOnScrollTargetViewId()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable loadDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Icon,android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getPreserveFocusAfterLayout()
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setFillColorResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEndPadding(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setStatusBarScrim(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig$SchemaMode: io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig$SchemaMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api28Impl: android.text.PrecomputedText$Params getTextMetricsParams(android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior: BottomAppBar$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.facebook.core.Core: Core()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: java.lang.String getDefaultCountryNameCode()
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleCallback: com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleFragment getChimeraLifecycleFragmentImpl(com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleActivity)
io.realm.exceptions.IncompatibleSyncedFileException: java.lang.String getRecoveryPath()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.CannedAccessControlList: com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.CannedAccessControlList[] values()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: float getActionTextColorAlpha()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX: void setScaleX(float)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ThemeUtils: float getFloatFromAttrRes(int,float,android.content.Context)
org.joda.time.MutableDateTime$Property: void writeObject(java.io.ObjectOutputStream)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl()
org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode: org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: java.lang.String getSelectedCountryName()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.TooltipCompat$Api26Impl: void setTooltipText(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
io.realm.internal.Table: long nativeSize(long)
kotlin.LazyThreadSafetyMode: kotlin.LazyThreadSafetyMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: int getMarginEnd(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams)
androidx.core.text.ICUCompat$Api24Impl: android.icu.util.ULocale forLocale(java.util.Locale)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getContentScrim()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.CropImageView: CropImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTintResource(int)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.FontMapper: java.lang.String map(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.appevents.FlushResult: com.facebook.appevents.FlushResult[] values()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder addCustomStyle(java.lang.Class,int)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setElevation(float)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setOnHierarchyChangeListener(android.view.ViewGroup$OnHierarchyChangeListener)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setLayoutTransition(android.animation.LayoutTransition)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: int[] getReferencedIds()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void addOnUnhandledKeyEventListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$OnUnhandledKeyEventListenerCompat)
io.realm.RealmFieldType: int getNativeValue()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimVisibleHeightTrigger(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginEnd()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getErrorCurrentTextColors()
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarBackgroundDrawable()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: boolean applyFontToTextView(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.Typeface,boolean)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon toIcon(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setFlexWrap(int)
com.google.firebase.provider.FirebaseInitProvider: FirebaseInitProvider()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: long nativeGetFinalizerPtr()
io.realm.SyncSession: boolean access$600(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setShowProgressBackground(boolean)
io.realm.SyncSession: void close()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: boolean matchesResourceIdName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior: FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.TextView getPrefixTextView()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setPreventCornerOverlap(boolean)
com.facebook.internal.FetchedAppSettingsManager$FetchAppSettingState: com.facebook.internal.FetchedAppSettingsManager$FetchAppSettingState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getHyphenationFrequency()
com.appsee.wm: com.appsee.wm[] values()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void nativeRefresh(long)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$Api19Impl: boolean addTouchExplorationStateChangeListenerWrapper(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManager,androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityManagerCompat$TouchExplorationStateChangeListener)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata$Api30Impl: android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata toPlatform(androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getBaseline()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setHideMotionSpecResource(int)
kotlin.collections.EmptyMap: java.lang.Object readResolve()
com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.models.HideViewAnimation: com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.models.HideViewAnimation valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior: ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int)
okhttp3.TlsVersion: okhttp3.TlsVersion[] values()
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeInsertDate(long,long,long)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setMandatorySystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setOnScrollChangeListener(androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$OnScrollChangeListener)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: java.lang.String getDefaultCountryCodeWithPlus()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setPreventCornerOverlap(boolean)
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl: boolean onStartJob(android.app.job.JobParameters)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDButton: void setDefaultSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownVerticalOffset(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[],int[])
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setVisibility(int)
com.facebook.applinks.AppLinks: AppLinks()
io.realm.SyncManager: void setDefaultSessionErrorHandler(io.realm.SyncSession$ErrorHandler)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$WorkEnqueuer: void ensureJobId(int)
com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.Compaction: com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.Compaction valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getCounterMaxLength()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconMarginResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.AbstractSafeParcelable: AbstractSafeParcelable()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColor()
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory: android.app.Service instantiateService(java.lang.ClassLoader,java.lang.String,android.content.Intent)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInsetTop(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setInterpolatedProgress(float)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getCollapsedTitleGravity()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEndPaddingResource(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: boolean onStateChange(int[])
com.onesignal.ADMMessageHandler: void onUnregistered(java.lang.String)
okio.ByteString: void writeObject(java.io.ObjectOutputStream)
kotlin.text.Regex: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior()
com.facebook.AccessTokenSource: com.facebook.AccessTokenSource valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: android.graphics.Matrix getLocalMatrix()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimAnimationDuration(long)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.realm.internal.InvalidRow: io.realm.internal.InvalidRow[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMajor()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCheckedIconTint()
io.realm.ErrorCode$Category: io.realm.ErrorCode$Category[] values()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: int getMaxWidth()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: long nativeGetSharedRealm(long,io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer: androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBase read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
org.joda.time.DurationFieldType$StandardDurationFieldType: java.lang.Object readResolve()
com.onesignal.GcmIntentService: GcmIntentService()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setElevation(float)
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext minusKey(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconPadding()
io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade: java.lang.String getSyncServerCertificateAssetName(io.realm.RealmConfiguration)
io.realm.internal.Table: long nativeGetRowPtr(long,long)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabView(int)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setSubheaderInsetEnd(int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconPadding(int)
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.ZukHomeBadger: ZukHomeBadger()
com.bumptech.glide.module.LibraryGlideModule: LibraryGlideModule()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginBottom()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api15Impl: void getValueForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.util.TypedValue,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginTop()
com.google.android.material.radiobutton.MaterialRadioButton: void setUseMaterialThemeColors(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofArgb(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,int[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: java.lang.CharSequence getText()
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialTextInputPicker: MaterialTextInputPicker()
io.realm.internal.Property: long nativeCreatePersistedProperty(java.lang.String,int,boolean,boolean)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: void handleException(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext,java.lang.Throwable)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: int[] getConstraintSetIds()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setTextColor(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getSuffixText()
androidx.core.app.BundleCompat$Api18Impl: android.os.IBinder getBinder(android.os.Bundle,java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: void setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.LoginActivity: void emailNewPassword(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getFabTranslationX()
com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken: com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: void setWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow,int)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDButton: void setAllCapsCompat(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy: com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setEnsureMinTouchTargetSize(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.view.WindowCallbackWrapper$Api26Impl: void onPointerCaptureChanged(android.view.Window$Callback,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMinor()
com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.SymbolShapeHint: com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.SymbolShapeHint[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleLine(boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: CheckableImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
org.jcodec.TrackType: org.jcodec.TrackType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void beginTransaction()
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat: RemoteActionCompat()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setDragged(boolean)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$PartialSyncCallback: OsSharedRealm$PartialSyncCallback(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: void setTint(int)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State[] values()
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IntrinsicPaddingDrawable: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: AbsActionBarView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleY(float)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.animation.Animator createIndeterminate(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$TabView: int getContentWidth()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.graphics.RectF getBoundsAsRectF()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setThreshold(int)
io.realm.SyncSession: java.net.URI access$400(io.realm.SyncSession)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: R$layout()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: CardView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.utils.ForeOrderApp: ForeOrderApp()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCheckedIcon()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getVirtualChildCount()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollState(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDividerDrawable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginBottom(int)
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor getTestInstance(io.realm.internal.Table,long[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeTextType()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.onesignal.FocusTimeController$FocusEventType: com.onesignal.FocusTimeController$FocusEventType valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setProgressTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getContentPaddingLeft()
okhttp3.internal.publicsuffix.PublicSuffixDatabase: PublicSuffixDatabase()
io.realm.PermissionModuleMediator: PermissionModuleMediator()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: java.lang.CharSequence getPrompt()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.TintableDrawable: void setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconContentDescription(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeWidth()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setMaxLines(int)
com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience: com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29()
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setCheckable(boolean)
io.realm.ProgressMode: io.realm.ProgressMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarBackground()
androidx.core.graphics.Insets$Api29Impl: android.graphics.Insets of(int,int,int,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getTintTargetFromProgressDrawable(int,boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getSizeDimension()
androidx.appcompat.view.WindowCallbackWrapper$Api24Impl: void onProvideKeyboardShortcuts(android.view.Window$Callback,java.util.List,android.view.Menu,int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getFirstVisibleChildIndex()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setGravity(int)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: void nativeSetLink(long,long,long)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: long nativeGetLong(long,long)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getBottomFadingEdgeStrength()
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeRemove(long,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int[] getAutoSizeTextAvailableSizes()
com.bumptech.glide.module.AppGlideModule: AppGlideModule()
com.facebook.appevents.AccessTokenAppIdPair: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: java.lang.String nativeGetString(long,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownVerticalOffset()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumHeight()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setDefaultCountryUsingNameCodeAndApply(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.OsObjectSchemaInfo: long nativeGetFinalizerPtr()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofFloat(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Path)
com.onesignal.OneSignal$OSInFocusDisplayOption: com.onesignal.OneSignal$OSInFocusDisplayOption valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$TypeImpl30: int toPlatformType(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setOnConstraintsChanged(androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintsChangedListener)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressDrawable: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatElevation(float)
com.facebook.share.Share: Share()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyInterceptor: CalligraphyInterceptor(io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig)
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType: TransferNetworkConnectionType(java.lang.String,int,com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType$1)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeAddRow(long,long)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconGravity(int)
com.facebook.HttpMethod: com.facebook.HttpMethod[] values()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: int[] getStyleForTextView(android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.textfield.MaterialAutoCompleteTextView: void setSimpleItems(java.lang.String[])
com.bumptech.glide.manager.SupportRequestManagerFragment: SupportRequestManagerFragment()
io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade: void realmClosed(io.realm.RealmConfiguration)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.VirtualLayout: void setElevation(float)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setIconTintMode(android.view.MenuItem,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
com.amazonaws.util.Classes: com.amazonaws.util.Classes valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.LoginActivity: LoginActivity()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabRippleColorResource(int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: int getNestedScrollAxes(android.view.ViewGroup)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context)
com.amazonaws.mobile.client.IdentityProvider: com.amazonaws.mobile.client.IdentityProvider valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$JobServiceEngineImpl: boolean onStopJob(android.app.job.JobParameters)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotY(float)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void nativeRegisterPartialSyncQuery(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$PartialSyncCallback)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.SyncSession: void access$1000(io.realm.SyncSession,io.realm.internal.network.AuthenticationServer)
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig: void nativeSetInitializationCallback(long,io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$InitializationCallback)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setOnPressedChangeListenerInternal(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton$OnPressedChangeListener)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setImageResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setElevation(android.view.View,float)
com.google.android.gms.common.SupportErrorDialogFragment: SupportErrorDialogFragment()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getCheckedButtonId()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getScrollRange()
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: long nativeGetLong(long,long)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void addIterator(io.realm.internal.OsResults$Iterator)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Api16Impl: int getMaxLines(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnFlingListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setCardElevation(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setVisibility(int)
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$ComponentNameWithWakeful: JobIntentService$ComponentNameWithWakeful(android.content.ComponentName,boolean)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void cancelTransaction()
kotlin.SafePublicationLazyImpl: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.onesignal.ADMMessageHandler: void onMessage(android.content.Intent)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.Theme: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.Theme valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.onesignal.OSInAppMessageAction$OSInAppMessageActionUrlType: com.onesignal.OSInAppMessageAction$OSInAppMessageActionUrlType[] values()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: void setCircularRevealOverlayDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result$Code: com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result$Code[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: AppCompatTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setScaleX(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconEnabled(boolean)
com.amazonaws.util.Base64: com.amazonaws.util.Base64[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api19Impl: int getAlpha(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api26Impl: void setAutoSizeTextTypeUniformWithPresetSizes(android.widget.TextView,int[],int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getExpandedTitleTypeface()
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType: TransferNetworkConnectionType(java.lang.String,int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExtraMultilineHeightEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipText(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.ViewPropertyAnimatorCompat$Api19Impl: android.view.ViewPropertyAnimator setUpdateListener(android.view.ViewPropertyAnimator,android.animation.ValueAnimator$AnimatorUpdateListener)
androidx.fragment.app.DialogFragment: DialogFragment()
io.realm.SyncSession: io.realm.RealmAsyncTask access$1100(io.realm.SyncSession)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCardForegroundColor()
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeSetNull(long,long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.facebook.appevents.internal.SubscriptionType: com.facebook.appevents.internal.SubscriptionType[] values()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.NoInternetAppBarActivity: NoInternetAppBarActivity()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: int getCircularRevealScrimColor()
com.google.firebase.messaging.FirebaseMessagingService: FirebaseMessagingService()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: void onActivityPostResumed(android.app.Activity)
io.realm.SyncManager: io.realm.internal.network.AuthenticationServer getAuthServer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AlertDialogLayout: AlertDialogLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.Permission: com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.Permission[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void removeOnGlobalLayoutListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver,android.view.ViewTreeObserver$OnGlobalLayoutListener)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeSetBinary(long,long,byte[])
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconEndPaddingResource(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemViewCacheSize(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton getEndIconToUpdateDummyDrawable()
io.realm.SyncSession: long nativeAddProgressListener(java.lang.String,long,int,boolean)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: void nativeSetDouble(long,long,double)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setRippleColor(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getRootWindowInsets(android.view.View)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle$Api23Impl: void setBigLargeIcon(android.app.Notification$BigPictureStyle,android.graphics.drawable.Icon)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotX()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconSizeResource(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getRowCount()
com.google.android.material.appbar.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior: HeaderScrollingViewBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getFirstBaselineToTopHeight()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer: AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat computeSystemWindowInsets(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.graphics.Rect)
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType: boolean verify(android.net.NetworkInfo)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: void setCircularRevealOverlayDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$WorkEnqueuer: void serviceStartReceived()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager: RecyclerView$LayoutManager()
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: void nativeSetString(long,long,java.lang.String)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: android.graphics.Typeface getTypeFace()
io.realm.SyncManager: io.realm.UserStore getUserStore()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownHorizontalOffset()
com.google.android.material.radiobutton.MaterialRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getMaterialThemeColorsTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.realm.internal.OsObjectStore: java.lang.String nativeGetPrimaryKeyForObject(long,java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.Table: long nativeGetColumnIndex(long,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconStartPadding(float)
io.realm.RealmCache$RealmCacheType: io.realm.RealmCache$RealmCacheType[] values()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy$ToolbarLayoutListener: Calligraphy$ToolbarLayoutListener(io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy,android.content.Context,androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar,io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy$1)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateX(float)
io.realm.internal.Table: int nativeGetColumnType(long,long)
io.realm.internal.Table: long nativeWhere(long)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setSmoothScrollingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCheckMarkTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setCountryPreference(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getCheckedIconSize()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector: com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleEnabled(boolean)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.events.PasswordResetEvent$PasswordResetCallbackCode: com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.events.PasswordResetEvent$PasswordResetCallbackCode[] values()
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void close()
com.google.zxing.oned.Code128Writer$CType: com.google.zxing.oned.Code128Writer$CType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getTappableElementInsets()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void applySecondaryProgressTint()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.animation.TimeInterpolator getTitlePositionInterpolator()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: android.view.WindowInsets createWindowInsetsInstance()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setIndeterminateTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_TRANSLATE_X: Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_TRANSLATE_X()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int getOpacity()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingVertical(int)
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: SortDescriptor(io.realm.internal.Table,long[][],io.realm.Sort[])
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.ShowBackgroundDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
io.realm.RealmFieldType: RealmFieldType(java.lang.String,int,int)
kotlin.random.Random$Default: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeColor()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: android.view.View$AccessibilityDelegate getAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: long getNanoTime()
io.realm.Sort: io.realm.Sort[] values()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabGravity(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCheckMarkTintMode()
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberFormat: io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberFormat valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: float nativeGetFloat(long,long)
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerLockMode(int)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm getInstance(io.realm.RealmConfiguration)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$Api29Impl: void setInputMethodMode(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api26Impl: void setAutoSizeTextTypeUniformWithConfiguration(android.widget.TextView,int,int,int,int)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: int getAlphabeticModifiers(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getMaxScrollAmount()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1(androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: ActionBarOverlayLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.appsee.ae: com.appsee.ae[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityPaneTitle(android.view.View)
io.realm.internal.TableQuery: void nativeEqual(long,long[],long[],long)
io.realm.internal.OsResults: long nativeFirstRow(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getLastBaselineToBottomHeight()
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
io.realm.internal.Table: java.lang.String nativeGetColumnName(long,long)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setBackgroundColor(int)
com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.DecodeJob$RunReason: com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.DecodeJob$RunReason[] values()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setTitleCollapseMode(int)
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Element get(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy$ToolbarLayoutListener: void onGlobalLayout()
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout: BaselineLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.SyncManager: void notifyErrorHandler(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setTextAlignment(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getCornerRadius()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabMode(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQueryRefinementEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setCheckedItem(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setAlpha(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators: Interpolators()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginTop(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
io.realm.internal.OsResults: long nativeCreateSnapshot(long)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.String pullFontPathFromTheme(android.content.Context,int,int,int[])
com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.models.ShowViewAnimation: com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.models.ShowViewAnimation[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: int getOpacity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setAllowCollapse(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipStartPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setProgress(float)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: void setReferencedIds(int[])
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberType: io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.PhoneNumberUtil$PhoneNumberType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setLineSpacingAdd(float)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatHoveredFocusedTranslationZResource(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable()
com.rhinodesktop.activityanimatorutility.models.AnimationType: com.rhinodesktop.activityanimatorutility.models.AnimationType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandlesVM: SavedStateHandlesVM()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: int getCollapsedPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
io.realm.internal.OsObjectSchemaInfo: long nativeGetProperty(long,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api24Impl: boolean startDragAndDrop(android.view.View,android.content.ClipData,android.view.View$DragShadowBuilder,java.lang.Object,int)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: long nativeGetTimestamp(long,long)
com.facebook.appevents.PersistedEvents: java.lang.Object writeReplace()
com.rhinoactive.nointernetview.NoInternetView: NoInternetView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getProgressTintMode()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getBreakStrategy(android.widget.TextView)
com.amazonaws.auth.SigningAlgorithm: com.amazonaws.auth.SigningAlgorithm valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.amazonaws.regions.Regions: com.amazonaws.regions.Regions[] values()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.R: R()
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.NewHtcHomeBadger: NewHtcHomeBadger()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimsShown(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEndWithActions()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: NavigationMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipBackgroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getInputType()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api30Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon createWithAdaptiveBitmapContentUri(android.net.Uri)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.appsee.kb: com.appsee.kb[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: void setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.String permissionToOp(java.lang.String)
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.HuaweiHomeBadger: HuaweiHomeBadger()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: void setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: AppCompatEditText(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.RevocationBoundService: RevocationBoundService()
androidx.core.graphics.TypefaceCompatUtil$Api19Impl: android.os.ParcelFileDescriptor openFileDescriptor(android.content.ContentResolver,android.net.Uri,java.lang.String,android.os.CancellationSignal)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.CheckoutAppBarActivity: CheckoutAppBarActivity()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSuffixTextColor()
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader: DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader()
androidx.appcompat.app.AlertController$RecycleListView: AlertController$RecycleListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setRadius(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.MaterialAutoCompleteTextView: void setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setId(int)
io.realm.internal.TableQuery: java.lang.String nativeValidateQuery(long)
com.onesignal.OneSignal$PromptActionResult: com.onesignal.OneSignal$PromptActionResult[] values()
com.facebook.appevents.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility$GraphAPIActivityType: com.facebook.appevents.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility$GraphAPIActivityType[] values()
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDButton: MDButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCircularRevealOverlayDrawable()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: void applyFontToTextView(android.content.Context,android.widget.TextView,io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: void inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CommandProcessor: void onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: java.lang.String nativeGetTableName(long,int)
com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl$RequestCodeOffset: com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl$RequestCodeOffset[] values()
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(int)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.receivers.ForeOrderLocationReceiver: ForeOrderLocationReceiver()
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: float getDrawerElevation()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: float getLineSpacingMultiplier()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setIconTintList(android.view.MenuItem,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.models.HideViewAnimation: com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.models.HideViewAnimation[] values()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.SyncSession: void access$200(io.realm.SyncSession,io.realm.internal.network.AuthenticationServer)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeRemoveAll(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusBottomStart()
androidx.core.view.AccessibilityDelegateCompat$Api16Impl: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProvider getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View$AccessibilityDelegate,android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCardForegroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipIconTint()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getUpNestedPreScrollRange()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: void nativeSetFloat(long,long,float)
com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.DecodeJob$Stage: com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.DecodeJob$Stage valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade: void init(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.realm.SyncSession: void checkProgressListenerArguments(io.realm.ProgressMode,io.realm.ProgressListener)
io.realm.internal.OsResults: byte nativeGetMode(long)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils$1: void beforeTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)
io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.NumberParseException$ErrorType: io.michaelrocks.libphonenumber.android.NumberParseException$ErrorType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: java.lang.String getNumber()
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind: io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind getKind(byte)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearance(com.google.android.material.resources.TextAppearance)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.RadialViewGroup: RadialViewGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getOptimizationLevel()
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeAddFloat(long,float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api17Impl: void setTextLocale(android.widget.TextView,java.util.Locale)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxBackgroundMode()
com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$MappingMethod: com.facebook.appevents.codeless.internal.EventBinding$MappingMethod valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.gson.ToNumberPolicy: com.google.gson.ToNumberPolicy[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeColor(int)
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.views.ChoiceItemLayout: com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.models.OptionItem getOptionItem()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeStableInsets()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: java.util.Set getAllowedDataTypes(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$FrameworkActionBarDelegate$Api18Impl: void setHomeAsUpIndicator(android.app.ActionBar,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.views.AdvancedCheckboxGroup: AdvancedCheckboxGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconVisible(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
com.amazonaws.Protocol: com.amazonaws.Protocol[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api24Impl: void dispatchStartTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatReceiveContentHelper$OnDropApi24Impl: boolean onDropForView(android.view.DragEvent,android.view.View,android.app.Activity)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.realm.internal.OsList: java.lang.Object nativeGetValue(long,long)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeInsertRow(long,long,long)
com.onesignal.OSTrigger$OSTriggerKind: com.onesignal.OSTrigger$OSTriggerKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.appsee.ob: com.appsee.ob valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.SyncSession$State: io.realm.SyncSession$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getTabIconTint()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar: MaterialCalendar()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconSize(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX: IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX(float,float)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: int getBorderWidth()
com.onesignal.PermissionsActivity: PermissionsActivity()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator getItemAnimator()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: boolean parentIsToolbarV7(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemTextAppearance(int)
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: void didChange()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleX(float)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: android.net.Uri getUri(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setTargetElevation(float)
io.realm.exceptions.RealmFileException$Kind: RealmFileException$Kind(java.lang.String,int)
com.appsee.hj: com.appsee.hj valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingHorizontal(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: void onDrawRect(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zzd: zzd()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconTintResource(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: void setReferenceTags(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.widget.TextView getTitleTextView()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionHelper: float getProgress()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getContentBackground()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSecondaryProgressTintMode()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: void setStateDescription(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
io.realm.internal.RealmProxyMediator: RealmProxyMediator()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: void setCircularRevealScrimColor(int)
com.facebook.common.Common: Common()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier()
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade: void invokeRemoveSession(io.realm.SyncConfiguration)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingHorizontalResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseIcon(int)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabScrollRange()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: java.util.Map getDataResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setContentHeight(int)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
com.appsee.AppseeNativeExtensions: boolean finishEncoding()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$TabView: void setTab(com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$Tab)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
org.joda.time.field.UnsupportedDurationField: java.lang.Object readResolve()
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.Calligraphy: boolean isActionBarSubTitle(android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: void nativeSetBoolean(long,long,boolean)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDRootLayout: MDRootLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
com.appsee.ae: com.appsee.ae valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: java.lang.String nativeGetColumnName(long,long)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconEndPadding(float)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.GravityEnum: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.GravityEnum[] values()
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeInsertDouble(long,long,double)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEnd()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipBackgroundColor()
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: void beforeNotify()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$WorkEnqueuer: void serviceProcessingFinished()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1: android.view.WindowInsets onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.facebook.login.LoginFragment: LoginFragment()
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setClickable(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: int getLoadPriority()
io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor: io.realm.internal.SortDescriptor getInstanceForSort(io.realm.internal.fields.FieldDescriptor$SchemaProxy,io.realm.internal.Table,java.lang.String[],io.realm.Sort[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextMetricsParamsCompat(androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat$Params)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig: java.lang.String nativeCreateAndSetSyncConfig(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,byte)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getPlaceholderTextAppearance()
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: boolean post(java.lang.Runnable)
com.bumptech.glide.load.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType: boolean hasAlpha()
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: int getWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setSecondaryProgressTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: void nativeSetFloat(long,long,float)
com.appsee.kb: com.appsee.kb valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicatorHeight(int)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: int checkOpNoThrow(android.app.AppOpsManager,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipSpacingVertical()
io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade: io.realm.internal.ObjectServerFacade getSyncFacadeIfPossible()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer: AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setType(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getInsetTop()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportAllCaps(boolean)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabCount()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getBackgroundDrawable()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeWidth(int)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getIconTintList(android.view.MenuItem)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void setTint(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostResumed(android.app.Activity)
kotlin.random.Random$Default$Serialized: java.lang.Object readResolve()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
com.facebook.appevents.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility$GraphAPIActivityType: com.facebook.appevents.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility$GraphAPIActivityType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setContentDescription(android.view.MenuItem,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecordCompat$Api15Impl: int getMaxScrollY(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord)
io.realm.internal.Table: void nativeSetBoolean(long,long,long,boolean,boolean)
com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior: com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior[] values()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatElevationResource(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: BaseProgressLayerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable[],android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
io.realm.Sort: io.realm.Sort valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingRight()
io.realm.internal.objectserver.Token$Permission: io.realm.internal.objectserver.Token$Permission valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isKeyboardNavigationCluster(android.view.View)
io.realm.SyncSession: void scheduleRefreshAccessToken(io.realm.internal.network.AuthenticationServer,long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout getTextInputLayout()
io.realm.SyncSession: byte nativeGetState(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: android.widget.EdgeEffect create(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setImageResource(int)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: int getSelectedCountryCodeAsInt()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: java.util.List getDependencySortedChildren()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPreDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkEnqueuer: void serviceStartReceived()
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeAddDate(long,long)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingBottom()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextHelper$Api26Impl: boolean setFontVariationSettings(android.widget.TextView,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginEnd(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: long nativeGetIndex(long)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: java.lang.CharSequence getCloseIconContentDescription()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.behavior.SwipeDismissBehavior: SwipeDismissBehavior()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: MaterialToolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
androidx.core.app.Person$Api28Impl: androidx.core.app.Person fromAndroidPerson(android.app.Person)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeMaxTextSize()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearanceResource(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setShadowPaddingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: void setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
kotlin.coroutines.EmptyCoroutineContext: java.lang.Object readResolve()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
com.amazonaws.AmazonServiceException$ErrorType: com.amazonaws.AmazonServiceException$ErrorType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathStart(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPlaceholderText()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setSystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
io.realm.internal.RealmNotifier: void removeChangeListeners(java.lang.Object)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow createWithPrimaryKey(io.realm.internal.Table,java.lang.Object)
com.google.zxing.EncodeHintType: com.google.zxing.EncodeHintType[] values()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBaseTransientBottomBar(com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconStartPaddingResource(int)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.StackingBehavior: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.StackingBehavior[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginStart(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.DesignTool getDesignTool()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setRotation(float)
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CommandProcessor: void onCancelled(java.lang.Object)
com.rhinoactive.generalutilities.views.AdvancedCompoundButtonGroup: void setChildOnClickListener(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabIndicatorAnimationMode()
io.realm.internal.permissions.ManagementModule: ManagementModule()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX: IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX(me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setImeVisibility(boolean)
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.DefaultBadger: DefaultBadger()
com.onesignal.shortcutbadger.impl.SonyHomeBadger: SonyHomeBadger()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isImportantForAutofill(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextTextAppearance(int)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: java.util.Map access$400(io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api19Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getChild(android.graphics.drawable.DrawableContainer$DrawableContainerState,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation: void setRotation(float)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: int noteProxyOp(android.app.AppOpsManager,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.MaterialDialog$ListType: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.MaterialDialog$ListType valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getCollapsedTitleTypeface()
com.appsee.mb: com.appsee.mb[] values()
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferState: com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
io.realm.internal.SyncObjectServerFacade: void downloadRemoteChanges(io.realm.RealmConfiguration)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setTappableElementInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.rilixtech.widget.countrycodepicker.CountryCodePicker: void setCustomMasterCountriesList(java.util.List)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.lifecycle.ViewModel: ViewModel()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setProgress(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setLogo(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setSingleLine(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: FragmentContainerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: long getNativePtr()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: float getCardViewRadius()
androidx.core.view.MarginLayoutParamsCompat$Api17Impl: void resolveLayoutDirection(android.view.ViewGroup$MarginLayoutParams,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_START: Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_START()
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.Object getSystemService(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX: void setTranslateX(float)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getStableInsets()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setInteractionEnabled(boolean)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.String pullFontPathFromTheme(android.content.Context,int,int[])
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateY(float)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long createRow(io.realm.internal.Table)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: SingleCircularProgressDrawable(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeWidth(float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getTabTextColors()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: android.os.Bundle getTransitionState()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTextColor(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int getIntrinsicSize()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofArgb(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,int[])
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateY()
io.realm.SyncSession: void addUploadProgressListener(io.realm.ProgressMode,io.realm.ProgressListener)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Placeholder: void setContentId(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipTextResource(int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setHyphenationFrequency(android.widget.TextView,int)
io.realm.exceptions.RealmException: RealmException(java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
androidx.appcompat.app.ResourcesFlusher$Api16Impl: void clear(android.util.LongSparseArray)
com.google.zxing.oned.Code128Writer$CType: com.google.zxing.oned.Code128Writer$CType[] values()
com.rhinodesktop.foreorder_golf_consumer1.activities.ToolbarActivity: ToolbarActivity()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: Snackbar$SnackbarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.amazonaws.auth.SignatureVersion: com.amazonaws.auth.SignatureVersion valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnScrollListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.ErrorCorrectionLevel: com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.ErrorCorrectionLevel[] values()
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: double nativeGetDouble(long,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getLogoDescription()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api15Impl: boolean hasOnClickListeners(android.view.View)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience: com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setContentScrimColor(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconPadding(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onStopNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View)
io.github.inflationx.calligraphy3.CalligraphyUtils: boolean applyFontToTextView(android.content.Context,android.widget.TextView,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.ListViewCompat$Api19Impl: void scrollListBy(android.widget.ListView,int)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long nativeGetFinalizerPtr()
com.facebook.appevents.AccessTokenAppIdPair$SerializationProxyV1: java.lang.Object readResolve()
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: boolean onStartNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
io.realm.exceptions.RealmException: RealmException(java.lang.String)
org.jcodec.Codec: org.jcodec.Codec valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BigPictureStyle$Api16Impl: void setSummaryText(android.app.Notification$BigPictureStyle,java.lang.CharSequence)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDRootLayout: void setDividerColor(int)
de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.CircleImageView: android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType getScaleType()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutTransition(android.animation.LayoutTransition)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView: NavigationMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void copyWindowDataInto(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
io.realm.SyncManager: void nativeReconnect()
com.rhinodesktop.facebookutilities.FacebookPermission: com.rhinodesktop.facebookutilities.FacebookPermission valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.realm.internal.CheckedRow: boolean nativeIsNullLink(long,long)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setBreakStrategy(android.widget.TextView,int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getMaxLines()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatHoveredFocusedTranslationZ(float)
io.realm.internal.OsObject: long getNativePtr()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCheckMarkTintList()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType: com.amazonaws.mobileconnectors.s3.transferutility.TransferNetworkConnectionType[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type[] values()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setHideMotionSpecResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.tsongkha.spinnerdatepicker.DatePicker: int getDayOfMonth()
com.onesignal.JobIntentService$CompatWorkEnqueuer: JobIntentService$CompatWorkEnqueuer(android.content.Context,android.content.ComponentName)
org.joda.time.field.MillisDurationField: java.lang.Object readResolve()
com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.Mode: com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.Mode[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: int getContentHeight()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: android.view.LayoutInflater getInflater()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: Guideline(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void onPreparePaint(android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: int getClientWidth()
io.realm.internal.Table: void nativeNullifyLink(long,long,long)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: ExpandedMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: AppCompatButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.realm.SyncManager: void removeAuthenticationListener(io.realm.AuthenticationListener)
androidx.core.app.NavUtils$Api16Impl: boolean shouldUpRecreateTask(android.app.Activity,android.content.Intent)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconVisible(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextStartPaddingResource(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleTextAppearance(int)
io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm: void runInitializationCallback(long,io.realm.internal.OsRealmConfig,io.realm.internal.OsSharedRealm$InitializationCallback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.facebook.internal.SmartLoginOption: com.facebook.internal.SmartLoginOption[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setGravity(int)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressBackgroundDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setMaxCardElevation(float)
io.realm.internal.UncheckedRow: java.lang.String nativeGetColumnName(long,long)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQueryHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingLeft()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getContentPaddingBottom()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api19Impl: java.io.File[] getObbDirs(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: boolean onNestedPreFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float)
io.realm.internal.Table: void nativeSetDouble(long,long,long,double,boolean)
io.realm.internal.OsList: void nativeInsertBinary(long,long,byte[])
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: androidx.core.view.ContentInfoCompat performReceiveContent(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ContentInfoCompat)
